2021
Environmental, Social  
& Governance Report

Table of Contents

A Message from Our CEO  

ESG Highlights 

Our Strategy

Our ESG Strategy 

Our ESG Goals  

Environmental

Our Environmental Approach 

Climate  

Waste 

Water 

Product Stewardship 

Social

Our Social Approach 

Access & Affordability 

Community Engagement 

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 

Employee Well-Being 

Human Rights 

Patient Safety 

3

4

6

10

13

14

22

31

36

42

43

55

60

74

85

89

Governance

Our Governance Approach 

Business Ethics 

Corporate Governance 

Supply Chain Management 

Transparency

Transparency 

SASB Index 

SDGs 

TCFD 

UNGC Index 

ESG Data, Reports and Policies 

About Our ESG Report  

94

94

101

104

110

110

116

119

121

124

125

Lilly unites caring with discovery to create 

medicines that make life better for people around 

the world. For nearly 150 years, we’ve developed 

and delivered trusted medicines that help people 

get better, feel better and live better. And we 

remain committed to continuous progress and 

improving our positive impact on people, the planet 

and society.

The Lilly ESG Report site contains the current information about our ESG strategy, goals, progress and data.  
This file is provided as an archive of the 2021 ESG Report.

2  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyA Message  
from Our CEO

David A. Ricks

Chair and CEO

Dear Stakeholders,
While it’s a relatively modern term, sustainability has always been central to Lilly’s purpose. In fact, “take what you 
find here and make it better and better” was the mantra of Colonel Eli Lilly, who founded our company back in 1876. 
Nearly 150 years later, we continue to lead in this space, with an ongoing commitment to the environmental, social 
and governance priorities that matter to our company and industry.

More important than setting ambitious goals is achieving them. This starts from the top, with our ESG commitments 
embedded into my personal performance targets, as well as those of other key executives. We review progress 
against these targets as a full Executive Committee quarterly and with the full Board annually.

We further hold our operational leaders accountable for advancing these goals, including through the annual 
compensation process. We expect all our employees to treat ESG objectives no differently than other vital 
business challenges.

And in the last year, we successfully executed against our ambitious sustainability agenda. In 2021, Lilly:

• 

Improved diversity at the company with both women and minority group members, and increased  
transparency by releasing our EEO-1 report.

•  Brought the largest solar field in Ireland online at our Kinsale site. We continue to update our  

infrastructure worldwide as part of our environmental goals.

•  Enhanced and streamlined our disclosures on lobbying and political activity; and

• 

Issued our first sustainability bond, the proceeds from which we are allocating across several  
environmental and social priorities.

We also continued our efforts to improve access and affordability for the innovative medicines that are central to 
fulfilling our purpose.

In the U.S., anyone is eligible to obtain their monthly prescription of Lilly’s life-saving insulin for $35 or less – 
regardless of their health care coverage. Last year we also grew the number of patients we reach through our global 
health program, 30x30, focused on improving access to quality health care for 30 million people each year by 2030.

Sustainability is central not only to our purpose, but also our growth agenda. It’s something we’ve integrated into our 
business and our strategy, because we believe it makes us a stronger, more resilient company. Thank you for your 
interest in our ESG commitment.

David A. Ricks 
Chair and CEO

Download our 2021 ESG Data

See important information about our ESG report

3  |  2021 ESG Report

My signature above affirms our company’s ongoing commitment and our intent to support and advance the United Nations Global Compact’s ten universally 
accepted principles in the areas of human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption, in addition to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyESG Highlights

Offer $35 or Less 

48% Women in 

Created 2030 

Monthly Insulin

Management 

Environmental Goals

and helped 1.5M people through 
patient support programs for 
Lilly medicines

Explore Our Access and 
Affordability Efforts

Globally

24% of U.S. management 
positions held by minority 
group members1

Explore Our Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion Efforts

for climate, waste and water, 
including carbon neutrality  
in our own operations

Explore Our 
Environmental Efforts

$3 Billion+ in 

10,000+ Employee 

$10 Million+  

Medicines Provided 

Volunteer Hours

in Lilly  

in 2021

including more than $250 million 
in COVID-19 therapies2

Explore Our Global Access 
and Health Efforts

to support our Racial Justice 
Commitment in 2021

Explore Our Community 
Engagement Efforts

Foundation Grants

to support the Racial Justice 
Commitment in 2021

Explore Our Community 
Engagement Efforts

Recognitions
At Lilly, we constantly strive to be leaders in diversity and inclusion, research and development, social impact,  
and employee benefits. We’ve received recognition from several distinguished organizations for our efforts.  
See Our Recent Recognitions

1  As of 12/31/2021
2  Includes value of Lilly medicines provided to separate charitable organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to qualifying patients. Products valued at wholesale acquisition costs, or WAC.

4  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Strategy

IN THIS SECTION 

Our ESG Strategy 

Stakeholder Engagement  
and Topic Identification 

Our ESG Goals 

Download Data Sheet

6

8

10

5  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur ESG Strategy

Lilly's greatest contribution to society is the discovery and development of innovative medicines 
that make life better for people around the world. Our impact extends to how we operate our 
business, care for the environment and strengthen communities. Our Environmental, Social and 
Governance (ESG) strategy and efforts are guided by our impact framework. This framework leads 
with our purpose to create medicines that make life better, and includes five pillars that guide how 
we operate and contribute to the world.

CREATE MEDICINES THAT MAKE LIFE BETTER

Increase Access to Medicines

Improve Lives
and Communities

Empower a
Diverse Workforce

Minimize Our
Environmental Impact

Operate Ethically and Responsibly

Create Medicines That Make Life Better
More than 47 million people globally use Lilly’s medicines. For nearly 150 years, we’ve developed  
and delivered trusted medicines that help people get better, feel better and live better.

Increase Access to Medicines
Around the world, too many people, especially the most vulnerable, lack access to the medicines 
and care they need. Reaching across industry boundaries, we collaborate with leading health 
organizations, providers, regulators and governments to find new solutions that help address 
access challenges and strengthen health care systems. We’ve established an aggressive goal 
– Lilly 30x30 – to improve annual access to quality health care for 30 million people living in 
communities with limited resources by 2030.

6  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyImprove Lives and Communities
Beyond our medicines, we invest our time, expertise and resources to drive social impact, 
with a focus on improving health. We also address targeted social issues that affect our 
business and employees, with an emphasis on racial justice and education. We encourage our 
employees to volunteer and give in ways that advance our purpose and theirs.

Empower a Diverse Workforce
Diversity, equity and inclusion are foundational to Lilly’s business of innovation. We believe 
when we harness a variety of perspectives, it helps us discover and deliver life-changing 
medicines. Lilly is committed to welcoming, respecting and valuing that which makes each 
of us unique. When team members come to work each day, they bring different experiences, 
perspectives and traditions. As a major employer, we also take action on racial justice issues 
that affect our employees, business and communities.

Minimize Our Environmental Impact
Making medicines requires the use of valuable resources including energy, water and raw 
materials. We’re committed to minimizing our environmental footprint across the life cycles 
of our products and our supply chain – with a focus on addressing climate change, waste and 
water security.

Operate Ethically and Responsibly
It’s who we are. It’s the foundation of how we conduct business and create positive change 
for people and communities, while minimizing our environmental impact. Our core values 
of integrity, excellence and respect for people have guided us since the beginning, and they 
remain at the heart of all we do today.

7  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyStakeholder Engagement  
and Topic Identification

Lilly solicits input from internal and external people and 
organizations to better determine the ESG issues that 
matter most to our company and stakeholders. We obtain 
input and prioritization from:

•  Advocacy organizations

•  Employees

•  Lilly’s Executive Committee

•  Non-governmental organizations

•  Shareholders

•  Students and prospective employees

In addition to engaging with stakeholders, we frequently 
conduct peer benchmarking and integrate industry 
and sustainability trends, as well as leverage relevant 
sustainability reporting frameworks, including the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), Task 
Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), 
among others.

Through this process, we focus on 13 ESG topics 
representing issues that we believe are most important 
to internal and external stakeholders and are key to our 
company’s long-term success, including pricing in the 
U.S. These topics are aligned with the SASB standards 
for the Biotechnology and Pharmaceutical industry, as 
well as environmental issues addressed by TCFD. Our 
ESG strategy is dynamic and we review these priorities 
periodically to align our approach with topics that are 
relevant for Lilly, our stakeholders and our industry.

Lilly regularly engages with shareholders and other 
stakeholders on sustainability topics of interest, including 
environmental, social and governance topics covered in 
this report.

8  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyLilly’s ESG Priorities

Sustainability Bond
In 2021, Lilly issued its first sustainability bond to 
advance our global ESG strategy. In line with Lilly’s 
Sustainability Bond Framework, we intend to allocate 
proceeds from the bond to eligible projects that will 
advance our efforts to increase access to medicines, 
improve lives and communities, empower a diverse 
workforce, minimize environmental impact and operate 
ethically and responsibly. See Our 2021 Sustainability 
Bond Allocation Report.

Download Our 2021 ESG Data

ESG Governance
Our board and management are actively engaged in the 
assessment, management and oversight of matters 
pertinent to our business. Learn more.

Our Commitment  
to the Sustainable 
Development 
Goals
As a member of the UN Global 

Compact, Lilly supports the United Nation’s Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) and works to advance these 
goals within our sphere of influence. We are inspired by 
the global vision that the SDGs represent — and we are 
committed to doing our part to contribute. Learn more 
about our efforts.

9  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur ESG Goals

Our goals, driven by our strategic impact framework, allow us to better track the progress and 
performance of our ESG strategy. Our goals also help drive our efforts to develop innovative  
medicines that make life better for people around the world and create lasting positive societal impact.

Increase Access to Medicines

Reach 30 Million People by 2030

Through investments in people, medicines and health systems,  
Lilly aims to reach 30 million people in resource-limited settings annually by 2030.

See Our Progress

Improve Lives and Communities

25,000 Volunteer Hours and  
$25 Million to Combat Racism

Doubling Our Spend with  
Black-Owned Businesses by 2022

Lilly committed 25,000 
volunteer hours and the Lilly 
Foundation pledged $25 million 
to combat racism in central 
Indiana over five years.

See Our Progress

In October 2020, Lilly 
committed to doubling its 
spend with Black-owned 
business by 2022.

See Our Progress

Empower a Diverse Workforce

Improve Diversity Year-Over-Year

Zero Injuries

We’re committed to increasing 
the number of women and 
minority group members in 
leadership, and we have been 
making steady progress. We 
aim to increase the current 
representation of Black/
African Americans in our U.S. 
workforce from approximately 
10% to 13%.

See Our Progress

Our injury rate has been 
steadily declining and our goal 
is to reach zero severe injuries, 
with a focus on continuous 
improvement. Additionally, we 
have established new safety 
metrics connected to our 
safety priorities and improving 
safety culture.

See Our Progress

10  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
 
 
 
 
Minimize Our Environmental Impact

Renewable Electricity

Carbon Neutrality

We’re committed to source 
100% of purchased electricity 
from renewable sources 
by 2030.

See Our Progress

We’re committed to be 
carbon neutral in our own 
operations (Scope 1 and 
2 emissions) by 2030 and 
enhance our full value-chain 
emissions reporting.

See Our Progress

Waste and Plastics

Water Security

Our goal is to have zero waste 
go to landfills from routine 
operations and have 100% of 
plastic waste repurposed for 
beneficial use, with at least 
90% recycled or reused. We’re 
also committed to integrating 
sustainability-focused design 
principles into product and 
packaging design processes.

See Our Progress

We’re committed to maintaining 
that 100% of Lilly sites 
meet predicted no-effect 
concentrations (PNEC) for 
Pharmaceuticals in the 
Environment and establishing 
and conforming to water 
management plans for Lilly 
sites in water-stressed areas.

See Our Progress

Explore Our ESG Strategy

Download Our 2021 ESG Data

11  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
 
 
 
Environmental

IN THIS SECTION 

Our Environmental Approach 

Climate  

Waste 

Water 

Product Stewardship 

Download Data Sheet

13

14

22

31

36

12  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Environmental Approach

Our purpose, to make life better, includes protecting and preserving the world we live in.  
Making medicines requires the use of valuable resources including energy, water and raw 
materials. We’re committed to reducing our environmental footprint across the life cycles of our 
products and our supply chain. To track our progress, we measure and manage energy and water 
use, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the generation of waste and wastewater throughout  
our manufacturing process. Lilly manages health, safety and the environment (HSE) under a  
unified governance structure.

Our 2030 Environmental Goals

Climate

Waste

Water

Carbon neutral  
in our own operations

100%  
renewable electricity

Enhance  
full value-chain  
emissions reporting

Zero  
waste to landfill

100%  
of plastic waste repurposed for  
beneficial use with at least  
90% recycled or reused

Integrate sustainability  
into product and  
packaging design

No adverse impact 
to water-stressed areas

No adverse impact 
from pharmaceuticals  
in the environment

13  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyClimate

Management Approach
Lilly acknowledges that climate change is an ever-
present reality that is contributing to a reduction in 
human and environmental health. Action against climate 
change is required to achieve the goals of the Paris 
Agreement and to avoid the most detrimental effects 
of climate change by limiting the global temperature 
rise to 1.5°C. Lilly is continuously working to reduce 
our GHG emissions within our operations and along our 
value chain. We are working on calculating our Scope 3 
emissions and identifying climate-related risks and 
opportunities in our business and intend to develop 
measurable Scope 3 goals. 

As a global company committed to making life better 
for people, we recognize our responsibility to reduce 
our carbon footprint and manage climate-related risks 
and opportunities to support the transition to a low-
carbon economy. Lilly discloses information according to 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related 
Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and aims to implement 
these recommendations across the TCFD categories of 
Governance, Strategy, Risk Management and Metrics 
& Targets. For more information, please see our 
TCFD metrics.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Climate Action Strategy

 › 2030 Climate Goals and Progress to Date

 › Recent Achievements

 › Reducing Our Energy Use Emissions

 › Reducing Emissions through Cleaner Energy

 › Offsetting through Carbon Removal Projects

 › Scope 3 Emissions and Supply  

Chain Engagement

 › Climate Performance Data

14  |  2021 ESG Report

Climate Action Strategy
To mitigate the impact of Lilly’s business operations  
on the environment and achieve our 2030 goals  
(described below), we are applying a comprehensive 
three-pronged approach: 

1.  Reducing our energy and emissions by making our 

overall operations more efficient 

2.  Replacing carbon-intensive processes and energy 

sources with low-carbon alternatives 

3.  Offsetting remaining emissions and energy sources 
that could not be reduced or replaced, by purchasing 
emissions offsets from high-quality, third-party 
verified carbon reduction projects (note: it is not 
currently possible to eliminate all emissions 
sources or transition all direct energy supplies to 
renewable sources).

For more information regarding our governance 
and approach to climate change and related risks/
opportunities see our CDP Climate response.

Climate Action Strategy

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency2030 Climate Goals and  
Our Progress to Date
Lilly is committed to reducing our GHG emissions, and 
prioritizing energy efficiency to become a more climate-
resilient organization. Looking toward the future, we have 
set climate goals for 2030 as we work toward contributing 
to a low-carbon economy:

•  Secure 100% of our purchased electricity from 

renewable sources

•  In 2021, 9.6% of our purchased electricity came from 
renewable sources. A large portion of this renewable 
electricity is delivered through our utility providers 
to our sites in Alcobendas, Spain; Kinsale, Ireland; 
and Bracknell, UK. We plan to increase the amount 
of renewable electricity utilized as we advance new 
projects, including solar arrays at our sites in Puerto 
Rico and France, and an expansion to our solar 
array in Kinsale, Ireland, and another solar array in 
Alcobendas, Spain.

•  Become carbon neutral in our own operations  

(Scope 1 and 2 emissions)

•  Lilly strives to be carbon neutral by 2030, and we 
are working to drive GHG emissions reductions 
throughout our operations. Our initial priority is to 
reduce emissions as much as possible internally 
before we purchase offsets to cover the remaining 
emissions. From 2012 to 2020, we achieved a 
26% reduction in absolute emissions. In 2021, we 

achieved a 9% absolute emissions reduction versus 
2020. This reduction was partially driven by energy 
efficiency improvements and an increase in the use 
of renewable electricity including the startup of our 
solar array in Kinsale.

•  Enhance tracking and reporting of emissions from our 

full value-chain

•  In 2022, we advanced our efforts toward achieving 
this goal by undertaking the measurement of our 
full Scope 3 (value-chain) emissions for the 2021 
calendar year. This complex work was completed 
and reported in July 2022 through our CDP Climate 
Change submission. We intend to use these data 
to inform our evolving supply chain engagement 
strategy related to climate change.

Recent Achievements
Throughout 2020 and 2021, because of the COVID-19 
pandemic, many of our administrative areas were operating 
at reduced occupancy. We continued to emphasize reducing 
energy consumption by minimizing access to unoccupied 
areas and adjusting HVAC, lighting and other systems 
to conserve energy. In 2021, we reduced our energy 
consumption by 2.9%, and we reduced our absolute GHG 
emissions by 9% compared to 2020. These improvements 
were made while production volume increased. Our 
emissions reductions were driven by a combination of 
energy and process efficiencies, and changes in our energy 
supply mix to include cleaner energy sources.

15  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyClimate Highlights

Performance
Performance
Performance

9% absolute
9% absolute
reduction
reduction
in GHG emissions from 
2020 to 2021
in GHG emissions from 
2020 to 2021

Achieved 2020 
goal of greater than
Achieved 2020 
20% reduction
goal of greater than
20% reduction
in GHG emissions intensity
in GHG emissions intensity

Achieved a 
Achieved a 
“B” score
“B” score
for our 2021 CDP 
submission, our 12th year 
for our 2021 CDP 
submitting a CDP report
submission, our 12th year 
submitting a CDP report

Investments and Memberships
Investments and Memberships
Investments and Memberships

Joined
Joined

in 2022

in 2022

UN Global
UN Global
Compact
Compact
member since 2009
member since 2009

Over
Over
$50 Million
$50 Million
invested into our Energy, 
Waste and Water 
invested into our Energy, 
Reduction Fund since 2006
Waste and Water 
Reduction Fund since 2006

Reducing Our Energy  
Use Emissions
We continue to evaluate how to improve our energy 
resiliency and expand our use of renewable electricity 
consistent with our goal to diversify our energy sources 
and decrease our GHG emissions over time. Our current 
initiatives include: 

•  Designing for energy efficiency in new or updated 

processes and facilities 

•  Operating our facilities and equipment in increasingly 

efficient ways

•  Facilitating the use of advanced energy monitoring  

and control solutions 

•  Conducting and acting on energy assessments and 
implementing recommended projects to improve 
energy efficiency 

•  Evaluating and incorporating alternative energy 
sources, new technologies and best practices for 
energy use and GHG emission reductions 

•  Participating in local, regional and national forums 
to understand and integrate energy management 
best practices and to support responsible and cost-
effective decision-making and policy development 
(e.g., the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s 
ENERGY STAR Pharmaceutical Focus Group) 

16  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyReducing Emissions  
through Cleaner Energy
We continue to evaluate how to improve our energy 
resiliency and expand our use of renewable electricity 
consistent with our goal to diversify our energy sources 
and decrease our GHG emissions over time.

Enhancing the Use of Solar

In 2021, 9.6% of our purchased electricity was secured 
from renewable sources. We have reduced GHG emissions 
at key facilities by leveraging solar energy. These 
projects include:

•  Kinsale – In July, 2021, Lilly started up a 20-acre 
solar array in Kinsale, Ireland consisting of over 
12,600 solar panels, which at the time of construction 
represented the largest solar development in Ireland. 
The solar array is expected to provide up to 15% 
of the site’s purchased electricity, resulting in an 
estimated 2,350 tonne reduction in the site’s annual 
carbon footprint. Lilly Kinsale has initiated a 10-acre 
expansion to this solar array, which is expected to be 
online by the end of 2022.

• 

India – In 2019, Lilly India began operating a rooftop 
solar array on its administrative building in Gurugram 
(Gurgaon), India. The 40-kW capacity solar panels will 
help reduce Lilly’s carbon footprint in the city – a key 
priority due to rising pollution levels. The solar panels 
supply approximately 10% of the site’s energy needs.

•  Manufacturing facilities in Fegersheim, France 

and Sesto, Italy have solar arrays of 62 kW and 145 
kW, respectively. Additional solar capacity is being 
installed at our manufacturing facilities in Puerto Rico 
and Fegersheim.

Recent Energy Initiatives

•  HVAC Systems Optimization – Sites in Alcobendas, 
Spain, Fegersheim, France and Indianapolis in 
the U.S. have completed initiatives to decrease 
energy consumed in HVAC systems. These projects 
include chiller replacements, building air handler 
optimizations and air flow reduction initiatives. 
Sesto implemented new drive-belt technology on air 
handlers to improve efficiency. Collectively, we expect 
that these projects will reduce energy consumption by 
an estimated 14,000 MWh per year.

•  Chiller System Optimization – Chilled water and 
cooling systems are some of the highest energy 
consuming systems in pharmaceutical operations, 
and they continued to be a focus for our engineering 
resources in 2021. Our site in Kinsale, Ireland replaced 
fixed speed pump motors with variable speed motors. 
In Indianapolis, a chiller was replaced with a new, 
higher efficiency chiller. One of our sites in Puerto 
Rico implemented the first phase of a chilled water 
and cooling tower optimization project, and another 
site began a substantial efficiency upgrade to its 
chilled water system that is expected to be completed 
in mid-2022. These projects are expected to reduce 
energy consumption by over 12,500 MWh per year.

Encouraging Eco-Efficiency  
Across Our Operations

In 2006, we established the Energy, Waste and Water 
Reduction Fund to encourage projects that demonstrate 
the greatest potential for reductions in emissions and 
energy use but are not funded by site capital budgets. 
Since then, we have approved over $50 million supporting 
more than 190 projects. Since the inception of the 
program, these projects collectively save more than one 
trillion BTUs of energy annually, avoiding approximately 
131,000 metric tonnes of GHG emissions each year, 
measured as carbon dioxide equivalents.

We also actively recognize innovation and excellence in 
Health, Safety and the Environment (HSE) management 
by granting annual HSE awards. Nominations represent 
a significant accomplishment, and the awards recognize 
our employees for helping Lilly achieve energy and GHG 
emissions reduction goals. Projects are also assessed on 
their potential to scale in other areas across the company.

17  |  2021 ESG Report

Solar field at Lilly’s Kinsale, Ireland location.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyScope 3 Emissions and 
Supply Chain Engagement
We are working to advance transparency across our 
value chain, including in our full Scope 3 emissions, 
which are currently being calculated and are expected 
to be reported for the first time in the later half of 2022 
through our CDP Climate report. We are engaging with 
key suppliers and identifying areas of our value chain 
where we could potentially make improvements and 
increase resiliency.

Green Logistics

For several years, our Green Logistics initiatives have 
been integral in embedding sustainability topics into our 
business relationships and reducing emissions in our 
supply chain. By shifting the transportation of products 
and materials to less carbon-intensive sources such 
as ocean shipping versus air, transitioning to reusable 
shipping containers and implementing recycling 
programs, we have taken steps to reduce emissions and 
waste generated within our supply chain.

We employ green logistics strategies and programs to 
better track and reduce emissions, including:

•  Air-to-Ocean Project – Launched in 2015, the Air-

to-Ocean project aims to shift global transportation 
from air to sea freight, which has a substantially lower 
carbon footprint. In 2020 and 2021, global supply chain 
challenges have caused us to shift many shipments 
back to air, however, we anticipate being able to 
further leverage ocean shipping in the future.

•  CO2 Dashboard – To support more informed decisions 
about climate impact, we created a CO2 dashboard 
to calculate the relative carbon footprint of different 
transportation options. The dashboard enables our 
logistics team to compare the CO2 emissions for 
transportation options from logistic partners.

Energy Resiliency

 In 2017, we began designing a new 9 megawatt (MW) 
combined heat and power system at our Puerto Rico 
facility, which successfully commenced operation in 
2021. The combined heat and power (CHP) system will 
significantly improve the resiliency of our Puerto Rico 
manufacturing operations and will also result in lower 
energy expenses and reduced GHG emissions. We 
also operate combined heat and power systems at our 
manufacturing sites in Kinsale, Ireland and Sesto, Italy.

Fleet Fuel Economy

Our GREENDirections program focuses on fleet 
fuel economy and GHG emissions, office energy 
conservation and waste reduction for our sales and 
marketing affiliates around the world. Each year, 
our affiliates look for opportunities to enhance their 
environmental performance.

We optimize the fuel efficiency and reduce the GHG 
emissions generated by our sales force fleet by choosing 
vehicles with better fuel economy and promoting driving 
and work practices that emphasize safety and fuel 
savings. We have introduced hybrid or electric fleet 
vehicles in several geographies where infrastructure is 
available. For example, Lilly’s fleet in Japan consists of 
approximately 80% hybrid vehicles, and our affiliate in 
Germany has begun including electric vehicles in their 
fleet offering. We centrally manage vehicle selection 
across the EU, Japan and the U.S., which improves 
efficiency and supports the implementation of strong 
safety and environmental standards.

Off-Setting through Carbon 
Removal Projects
While our primary strategy is to directly reduce emissions 
and replace carbon-intensive sources with clean energy 
sources where possible, to achieve carbon neutrality 
we recognize the remaining emissions will need to be 
offset by purchasing certificates from climate protection 
projects with recognized quality standards. In 2021, we did 
not purchase any carbon offsets. The decision to purchase 
offsets will be made based on the remaining emissions 
that cannot be eliminated.

18  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyClimate Performance Data

19  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyClimate Performance Data (cont‘d)

20  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyClimate Performance Data (cont‘d)

View Lilly’s environmental data from 2020, including our previous goals and progress through 2020. Additional historical 
data are available in our reporting archives.

Footnotes

Note: Some segments do not add up to totals due to rounding.

Note: Bureau Veritas was engaged by Eli Lilly and Company to provide limited assurance in 
relation to specified 2021 environmental performance data presented.

1  A location-based method reflects the average emissions intensity of grids on which energy 
consumption occurs (using mostly grid-average emission factor data). A market-based 
method reflects emissions from electricity that companies have purposefully chosen (or 
their lack of choice). It derives emission factors from contractual instruments, which include 
any type of contract between two parties for the sale and purchase of energy bundled with 
attributes about the energy generation, or for unbundled attribute claims. 
https://ghgprotocol.org/sites/default/files/Scope2_ExecSum_Final.pdf

21  |  2021 ESG Report

2  Includes Scope 1 emissions and energy from onsite fuel combustion (excluding mobile 

sources) and Scope 2 emissions and energy from site-purchased energy (i.e., electricity, steam 
and chilled water). For smaller locations not billed directly to Lilly, data are estimated based on 
square footage.

3  2018 through 2020 Scope 3 data include the following Scope 3 categories: upstream 

transportation and distribution, waste generated in operations, business travel, employee 
commuting, upstream leased assets, downstream leased assets, franchises, investments. 
2021 Scope 3 data include reporting on all 15 Scope 3 emissions categories.

4  Data includes energy from combustion of coal, fuel oil, natural gas and liquid propane.

5  Data includes energy from purchased electricity, steam and chilled water.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWaste

Management Approach
At Lilly, we are committed to minimizing waste to 
conserve energy, resources and landfill space. We 
understand that the most effective way to reduce waste 
is to not create it in the first place. We are committed to 
green chemistry and efficiency, and endeavor to minimize 
waste at the source, including minimizing the use of 
hazardous materials that can often become hazardous 
waste at the end of the manufacturing process. We 
explore ways to reuse materials from our processes and 
send waste for recycling when feasible. For the remaining 
waste, we recover energy when possible and treat waste 
to reduce toxicity and volume. We strive to only send 
waste to landfills as a last resort or when legally required. 
We also recognize plastic waste is one of our world’s 
most pressing issues and are taking steps to minimize 
our footprint.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Waste Strategy

 › 2030 Waste Goals and Our Progress to Date

 › Recent Achievements

 › Managing Waste Across Our Operations

 › Plastic Waste Reduction Efforts

 ›

Integrating Sustainability into Our Product  
and Packaging Design Processes

 › Waste Performance Data

22  |  2021 ESG Report

Waste Strategy

We follow a hierarchy that prioritizes eliminating waste 
(reduce), followed by reuse, recycling and consuming our 
waste for energy as illustrated by the graphic below.

2030 Waste Goals and  
Our Progress to Date
In 2021, we established new waste goals that increase our 
commitment to reducing landfill waste, addressing plastic 
waste from our operations and supporting integration of 
sustainability into the designs of our products.

Zero waste to landfill from routine operations

• 

In 2021, 20 out of Lilly’s 26 facilities achieved the  
zero-landfill target, resulting in 0.53% of our waste 
from routine operations being sent to landfill. We 
continue to work with the remaining six sites that  
have not yet achieved zero waste-to-landfill.

100% of plastic waste repurposed for beneficial use, 
with at least 90% recycled or reused

• 

In 2021, Lilly estimates that we were able to repurpose 
97.7% of plastic waste for beneficial use (reuse/
recycle/waste-to-energy), primarily driven by recycling 
of plastics from our manufacturing processes and 
incoming packaging material. Of the plastic waste, 
88% was recycled or reused.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyIntegrating sustainability-focused design principles into 
product and packaging design processes

•  We continue to build on efforts to incorporate 

sustainability into the lifecycle of our products, 
delivery devices and packaging with waste reduction in 
mind. We strive to develop products that are inclusive, 
trustworthy and sustainable. Learn more about our 
approach to integrating sustainability into our product 
and packaging designs.

Recent Achievements

Achieved 2020 goals:

Greater than
20%
improvement in waste 
efficiency from 2012 to 
2020 (waste generated 
per unit of production)

Greater than
70%
recycle rate

Less than
10%
waste to landfills

Established 2030 waste goals

Managing Waste Across  
Our Operations
In 2021, Lilly generated 118,000 metric tonnes of waste, 
representing a 9% reduction in total waste versus 2020. 
This reduction was achieved while increasing production 
rates across the same period. Most of the waste (83%) 
generated by Lilly is considered non-hazardous by 
relevant regulatory authorities. The remaining 17% 
of waste we generate that is considered hazardous is 
carefully stored and packaged, and shipped to approved 
treatment facilities, some of which recover energy from 
the waste. We strive to only send hazardous waste to 
landfill when there is no other option or when required 
by law.

23  |  2021 ESG Report

Plastic Waste Reduction Efforts
We are focused on minimizing our plastic waste footprint. 
To do this, we reduce the generation of plastic waste 
where possible, identify where recycled plastic materials 
are suitable for use in our processes and maximize the 
reuse and recycling of plastic waste. When reduction, 
reuse and recycling are not viable, we send plastic waste 
to a facility that converts waste into energy.

In 2021, Lilly began developing a global system for 
measuring and reporting plastic waste. We use both 
quantitative and qualitative measurement systems. 
These systems allow us to estimate our current progress 
relative to our plastic waste goals, and we strive to 
improve these measurement systems over time.

As noted above, we estimated we were able to repurpose 
97.7% of our plastic waste for beneficial use (reuse/recycle/
waste to energy) in 2021, primarily driven by recycling of 
plastics from our manufacturing processes and incoming 
packaging material. Of our total plastic waste, approximately 
88% was recycled or reused. While these numbers are close 
to our established plastic waste goals, we anticipate that it 
will take significant efforts – such as new technologies and 
innovative external capacity – to achieve 100% beneficial use 
and at least 90% reused or recycled.

Plastic Reuse and Recycling at Indianapolis 
Device Assembly and Packaging

As part of our commitment to continually improve our 
environmental impact, we optimize plastic use at our 
manufacturing facility in Indianapolis through a reuse and 
recycling program. As part of this program, approximately 
2,800 metric tonnes of packaging from incoming materials 
are sent to our recycling partner annually. The diverted 
plastics are used as feedstocks for other products such as 
composite decking, furniture and carpet padding.

Minimizing Waste from Our Cafeterias

At our headquarters in Indianapolis, Indiana we have 
eliminated polystyrene foam materials from our 
cafeterias and transitioned to biobased to-go containers 
and other more environmentally friendly materials. 
At our facilities in Europe, our food service providers 
have focused on elimination of single-use plastics for 
items such as cutlery, plates, drink accessories (stirrers 
and straws) and take-away bags. In 2021, our focus on 
single-use plastics in Europe has led to the elimination 
of approximately 250 kgs of single-use plastic waste, 
representing a 98% reduction from 2020 to 2021. We have 
also worked to minimize food-waste in our cafeterias.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyIntegrating Sustainability 
into Our Product and 
Packaging Design Processes
To support our 2030 waste goals, we continue to build 
on efforts to incorporate sustainability into the lifecycle 
of our products, delivery devices and packaging, with 
waste reduction in mind. Our goal is to integrate 
sustainability-focused design principles into future 
product and packaging design processes, while identifying 
and evaluating opportunities to enhance our current 
portfolio. We aspire to develop products that are inclusive, 
trustworthy and sustainable.

Inclusive

Trustworthy

Sustainable

We strive to design intuitive 
experiences that are inclusive 
of the unique capabilities  
and changing conditions of 
people around the world and 
that meet their diverse  
abilities and needs.

We demonstrate care and 
compassion for people and 
aim to create devices and 
packaging that are consistent, 
reliable and easy to learn and 
use across all touchpoints.

We strive to design intuitive 
experiences that are inclusive 
of the unique capabilities  
and changing conditions of 
people around the world  
and that meet their diverse 
abilities and needs.

We aim to make our products more sustainable without 
sacrificing safety, user experience or patient outcomes. 
We strive to position our products at the top of our 
“reduce, reuse, recycle” waste hierarchy, and design for 
recyclability while also minimizing medical waste and 
electronic waste. We are investing to research and identify 
renewable/bio-based materials to make our future 
packaging and devices more sustainable and exploring 
collaborations and partnerships with our key materials 
suppliers to evaluate the feasibility for improving the 
sustainability of existing devices.

24  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyDrug Delivery Devices

For Lilly’s existing drug delivery devices, we focus on 
the selection of materials and waste reduction and 
recyclability strategies to improve sustainability. We  
strive to incorporate additional sustainable design 
elements into future platforms.

Sustainable Design Strategy
Sustainable Design Strategy

Waste Reduction

Reusability

Recyclability

Disposal

Waste Reduction: Increase manufacturing 
productivity to reduce waste generated 
through manufacturing processes and 
optimize device designs, where possible, 
to minimize environmental footprint

Reusability: Evaluate opportunities for 
our future device portfolio to reduce 
reliance on single-use devices in favor 
of multi-use devices where possible

Design for Recyclability: Shift designs 
toward delivery devices that can be 
more easily disassembled so that 
raw materials can be extracted and 
returned into a circular economy

Material Selection for Disposal: 
Move away from fossil-fuel based 
materials to alternatives with a lower 
carbon footprint (biobased and/or 
recycled materials) and use materials 
that are recyclable

25  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencySustainability Roadmap
Sustainability Roadmap

1. Current Initiatives

Lifecycle 
Assessment (LCA)

Device Molding 
Evaluations

Packaging 
Improvements

Working with 
Third-Party 
Suppliers

2. Long-Term Initiatives

Next-Generation 
Delivery Device

Packaging 
Optimization

Take-Back 
and Recycling

Current Initiatives

•  Lifecycle Assessment (LCA) – In late 2021, we 

initiated a lifecycle analysis for our Trulicity device. 
The lifecycle analysis is being conducted in accordance 
with ISO 14040, which is a recognized international 
standard for assessment of the environmental aspects 
of a product or service in its entire lifecycle stages. 
This assessment will inform our understanding of the 
environmental performance of this device and help 
identify improvement opportunities with the greatest 
impact. After establishing baseline sustainability 
metrics, we will look for opportunities to reduce 
the total footprint of the device and manufacturing 
process by replacing some of our existing device 
plastic components with more sustainable, renewable 
materials wherever feasible.

•  Device Molding Evaluations – We have begun to 
identify renewable material that could be used as 
alternatives to the existing materials used to make 
some components within the devices that are derived 
from fossil fuels. This includes performing proof-of-

26  |  2021 ESG Report

concept studies to establish equivalency of material, 
device functionality and processability. In addition 
to the renewable materials, we are investigating 
energy efficient ways of molding the plastics 
used in our devices with the goal of minimizing 
energy consumption.

•  Packaging Improvements – We strive to optimize 

the size of our product packaging. We recognize that 
while out-of-box experience is important, our patients 
shouldn’t be inconvenienced with excessive packaging. 
We have also developed alternatives for packaging we 
use throughout our manufacturing process to allow 
for reuse or recycling, and improve efficiency as we 
transport products globally.

•  Working with Third-Party Suppliers – We are 
engaging with our key suppliers of device and 
packaging components to better evaluate alternate 
low-carbon material and recycling options to 
minimize waste.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencylike plastics, can be injection molded into a variety of 
shapes. Use of this eco-friendly packaging option has 
resulted in a 15% reduction in the size of drug delivery 
device packaging cartons compared to the original. 
This reduction in size also translates to shipping and 
transportation savings.

Sales and Marketing

Lilly continues to leverage technology to evolve our 
business and minimize our environmental footprint, 
including transitioning to digital media for promotional 
materials. Since 2018, our U.S. affiliate has reduced the 
use of printed promotional materials by almost 50% by 
shifting to digital channels. We’ve also improved our 
inventory management, such as reducing the number of 
low-use printed materials and better controlling print 
quantities, which ultimately reduces paper waste.

Visit our Product Stewardship page to learn more 
about our approach to sustainability throughout 
product lifecycles.

Long-Term Initiatives

•  Next-Generation Delivery Devices – For our next 
generation of devices, we strive to apply learnings 
from our lifecycle analysis studies to better design 
and develop future devices with lower environmental 
impact. We are continuing to advance our efforts 
in this area and aspire to develop durable, 
reusable devices that help minimize medical and 
electronic waste.

•  Packaging Optimization – We are working to reduce 
packaging and transition to eco-friendly materials 
where possible. Additionally, the pharmaceutical 
industry has begun to evaluate the potential to move, 
as the default, to electronic patient information 
leaflets instead of printed materials. We recognize 
there are many aspects to consider, such as 
regulatory requirements, patient preference and 
access to technology. However, we are committed to 
working with stakeholders to assess and understand 
opportunities to reduce waste through technology 
advancements and digitization.

•  Take-Back and Recycling – We are exploring new 

ways to address end-of-lifecycle product waste. We 
have initiated pilot programs for device take-back and 
recycling processes, however, these solutions are not 
yet available in all geographies or at large scale. Learn 
more about our Product Stewardship efforts.

Packaging

We consider many sustainability factors in selecting 
product packaging, including material use and 
recyclability. Pharmaceutical packaging must meet 
stringent regulatory and internal standards. In some 
cases, this prevents us from using recycled content, as 
is the case with container closure systems that come 
into direct contact with our products. We continually 
seek to improve packaging design to reduce the amount 
of packaging used, use lower-impact materials and 
ensure recyclability.

•  Pulp-Based Clinical Trial Packaging Change – 

Our efforts to improve the environmental impact 
of our packaging goes beyond our commercial 
products and extends to potential future products 
currently undergoing clinical trials. Our clinical trial 
organization has begun to implement pulp-based 
solutions for device packaging. We are one of the very 
early adopters to use this pulp packaging option that, 

27  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWaste Performance Data

28  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWaste Performance Data (cont'd)

29  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWaste Performance Data (cont'd)

View Lilly’s environmental data from 2020, including our previous goals and progress through 2020. Additional historical 
data are available in our reporting archives.

Footnotes

Note: Some segments do not add up to totals due to rounding.

Note: Bureau Veritas was engaged by Eli Lilly and Company to provide limited assurance in 
relation to specified 2021 environmental performance data presented.

1  Total waste includes all waste generated from Lilly facilities, routine waste and non-routine 

waste. Non-routine waste is defined in footnote 2.

2  Waste goals exclude waste from the following categories: non-routine construction and 
demolition debris (e.g., building construction or demolition); uncontaminated soil, rock, 
concrete, bricks, etc., used for clean fill; waste generated as a result of remediation of surface 

or underground areas (e.g., soil, rock, water and personal protective equipment); vegetation 
(e.g., landscaping debris), wastewater that is conveyed offsite through piping (i.e., not shipped 
offsite in container or tanker) for treatment or discharge; and biosolids or other residue from 
wastewater or stormwater collection and treatment.

3  For the purpose of our landfill goal, “zero landfill” is defined as elimination, reuse, 

incineration, reclamation or recycling to the point that routine waste as generated will no 
longer be placed in a landfill. A site may achieve “zero landfill” status if less than 0.5% of its 
generated routine waste is sent directly to landfill. Lilly will meet “zero landfill” status if less 
than 0.5% of Lilly’s routine waste as generated is sent directly to landfill.

30  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWater

Management Approach
Water is essential to our operations and the facilities 
where we discover and manufacture our medicines, and 
we’re committed to using this critical resource efficiently. 
We aim to manage water more sustainably by minimizing 
our water footprint and avoiding potential risks related to 
pharmaceuticals in the environment (PiE).

We continuously assess our water risks, and while we 
generally operate in locations where the risk of water 
scarcity and poor quality are low, we continue to focus 
on conserving and reducing water use and improving 
the quality of the water we discharge from our facilities. 
We work with our sites around the world to identify 
water-saving opportunities and wastewater treatment 
technologies to support our environmental goals. In 2022, 
our efforts received an A-minus rating from CDP’s water 
program, which is above average for the biotech and 
pharmaceutical industry sector. View our 2022 CDP Water 
Security response.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › 2030 Water Goals and Our Progress to Date

 › Recent Achievements

 › Water Use

 › Pharmaceuticals in the Environment (PiE)

 › Water Performance Data

2030 Water Goals and  
Our Progress to Date
In 2021, we set new water-related goals for 2030 
that include establishing and implementing water 
management plans for all Lilly sites in water-stressed 
areas, as well as ensuring our internal and external 
manufacturing operations do not adversely impact our 
waterways as a result of discharges of pharmaceuticals.

Establishing and implementing water management 
plans for Lilly sites in water-stressed areas

• 

In 2021, each of our manufacturing sites that operate 
in water-stressed geographies started collecting 
information to perform water stress assessments. 
In 2022, sites are working to develop and document 
water stress management plans. These water stress 
plans are intended to identify “context-based” targets 
with specific delivery dates related to reducing water 
stress where these sites operate.

Ensuring 100% of Lilly sites meet predicted no-effect 
concentrations (PNEC) for Pharmaceuticals in 
the Environment

• 

In 2021, 100% of Lilly manufacturing sites met 
Lilly’s established aquatic exposure program limits. 
Furthermore, all our sites achieved wastewater 
discharges less than 10% of PNEC- based limits 
established for pharmaceutical active ingredients.

Ensuring appropriate controls are in place with  
Lilly contract manufacturers to prevent discharge  
of pharmaceuticals in wastewater above applicable 
PNEC-based limits for pharmaceuticals in 
the environment

•  At the end of 2021, Lilly had completed assessments of 
48% of our contract manufacturers and assessments 
for another 24% of our contract manufacturers 
were in progress. All of our contract manufacturers 
assessed through the end of 2021 were found to have 
appropriate controls to meet established PNEC-
based limits. The remaining contract manufacturer 
assessments are anticipated to be complete by the 
end of 2022.

31  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyRecent Achievements

Recycled or reused 284 billion liters of water in 2021, 
representing 98% of our total water demand

Achieved an A-minus rating from CDP's water 
program in 2021, which is above average for the 
biotech and pharmacutical industry sector

Environmental Impact Study  
of Manufacturing

To study the overall impact of our manufacturing facilities 
on the local environment, our site in Kinsale, Ireland 
initiated a longstanding evaluation of aquatic habitat 
quality and benthic biodiversity in 1978. Managed by the 
National University of Ireland Galway, the Kinsale Harbour 
Study is one of the longest studies of marine coastline 
conducted anywhere in the world. The evaluation has 
not identified evidence of adverse impacts on habitat 
quality and benthic biodiversity in the study area due to 
wastewater discharge from the Kinsale site. Results have 
been published in peer-reviewed scientific publications 
and several project reports. This project continues to 
support academic research for university students.

Water Use
Manufacturing operations account for the majority of 
our water use. The production of injectable medicines 
requires exceptionally high-quality water, and our sites 
rely on utility operations to make purified water as well as 
water for cooling systems and steam boilers. To reduce 
our water consumption, we use reclaimed water when 
possible, and we have optimized our cooling systems to 
reduce water usage. In 2021, our facilities recycled or 
reused 284 billion liters of water, representing 98% of  
our total water demand.

In 2021, 8.9% of our total water intake occurred at sites 
in geographies that are defined as “water stressed,” a 
slight increase from 2020 primarily due to increases in 
production rates at some of our manufacturing sites. 
Potential future regional water risk, unpredictable costs 
and climate change concerns have further strengthened 
our commitment to using water more efficiently or 
improving water quality based on local needs. These 
factors led us to establish a 2030 goal that requires water 
management plans for Lilly sites in water-stressed areas.

Managing Water-Stressed Geographies

Each of our manufacturing sites that operate in 
water-stressed areas started conducting water stress 
assessments in 2021. In 2022, they are developing and 
documenting water stress management plans. Each 
water stress plan is expected to have “context-based” 
targets with specific delivery dates related to reducing 
water stress where these sites operate. These plans 
are being developed based on guidance in the Alliance 
for Water Stewardship International Water Stewardship 
Standard V2.0 (AWS Standard). The AWS Standard has five 

32  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyoutcomes that represent fundamental aspects of water. 
The intent of these outcomes is to act as fundamental 
“pillars” of water stewardship – or themes that are 
reflected in all water stewardship efforts.

1.  How humans are responsible and accountable for 

water (governance)

2.  Quantities and timing of water (water balance)

3.  Properties of the water (water quality)

4.  Spatial aspects of areas that may or may not 

contain water at a given time, but that are critical 
to maintaining the human-derived benefits of water 
including the ecosystem services from Important 
Water-Related Areas (IWRAs)

5.  Provision of safe water, sanitation and hygiene for all.

Pharmaceuticals in the 
Environment (PiE)
Pharmaceuticals, the active ingredients of medicines, 
have been found in surface waters, groundwater, 
sediment and soil. Pharmaceuticals may enter 
the environment as effluents from pharmaceutical 
manufacturing or through excretion by patients after 
therapeutic use of a medicine. They may also enter 
the environment through improper disposal of unused 
medicines. Reported concentrations of pharmaceuticals 
detected in the environment are usually extremely low.

There are various public and stakeholder concerns 
regarding pharmaceuticals in the environment (PiE). 
The detection and biological potency of pharmaceuticals 
raise questions about potential risks to the environment. 
Additionally, there are concerns about the impact of the 
pharmaceutical supply chain on human health, especially 
in countries that may lack rigorous environmental 
protection standards. The World Health Organization, 
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. 
Geological Survey have all concluded that the presence of 
pharmaceuticals in drinking water is unlikely to have 
a direct impact on human health. Recent publications 
by Gunnarsson et al. (2019) and Wilkinson et al. (2022) 
conclude that for most pharmaceuticals, presence in 
surface water presents a low risk to environmental 
species, whether based on predicted or measured 
environmental concentrations.

We believe the discharge of pharmaceuticals in the 
environment should be minimized. We are committed 
to ensuring our internal and external manufacturing 
operations do not adversely impact waterways as a result 
of discharges of pharmaceuticals.

33  |  2021 ESG Report

PiE Governance

Due to the importance of the topic of pharmaceuticals in 
the environment (PiE) to Lilly and our stakeholders, we 
have established a PiE Governance Committee that sets 
strategic direction related to PiE and provides long-term 
oversight of Lilly’s Aquatic Exposure Guideline (LAEG) 
program that controls pharmaceutical discharges from 
manufacturing sites. The PiE Governance Committee 
reports directly to our Global HSE Committee. Read more 
about our HSE governance.

PiE Risk Assessment

We assess the active pharmaceutical ingredients in our 
medicines for potential environmental impacts, ensuring 
that they meet regulatory requirements and internal 
standards before introducing a medicine to market. 
We use procedures recommended by U.S., Canadian 
and European regulatory agencies to assess risks from 
residues of our pharmaceuticals in the environment. We 
assess the environmental risk posed by patient use of 
our medicines – based on a Predicted No Environmental 
Concentration estimate – as part of the approval process 
for new medicines in the U.S. and Europe.

We also assess the potential for environmental risk 
posed by manufacture of our medicines as part of 
our internal Lilly Aquatic Exposure Guideline (LAEG) 
program. The results drive appropriate treatment and 
containment strategies at our manufacturing sites to 
protect aquatic species in downstream surface waters, 
and the communities and wildlife using these waters. 
In place for more than three decades at Lilly facilities, 
we are now fully implementing LAEG assessments at 
contract manufacturers across our supply chain. Lilly has 
committed to 100% compliance with LAEG requirements 
at our manufacturing facilities and to ensure controls 
are in place at our contract manufacturers to prevent the 
harmful discharge of our pharmaceuticals.

Collaborations and Partnerships for 
Understanding and Mitigating PiE

We continue to partner with industry, academia and 
governments to improve both our understanding of and 
response to pharmaceuticals in the environment (PiE). 
Lilly scientists and technical experts have been engaged 
in the following efforts:

• 

Improving PiE Risk Assessments – We participated in 
the Intelligence Assessment of Pharmaceuticals in 
the Environment (iPiE) project, part of the Innovative 
Medicines Initiative (IMI). This assessment included a 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Partnering on Take-Back Programs – In collaboration 
with regulators and other pharmaceutical companies, 
we are key partners in take-back programs for unused 
medicines such as MedsDisposal in Europe and  
Med-Project in the U.S. 

•  Engaging in Industry Initiatives – We participate 
in several industry PiE initiatives, such as Eco-
Pharmaco-Stewardship, a multi-faceted program 
developed with several pharmaceutical trade 
organizations (EFPIA, AEGSP, MFE).

•  Developing PiE Tools and Resources – We are also 
actively engaged in creating tools and resources to 
share with industry peers including in-person and on-
line training on risk-based approaches to managing 
effluents, a user-friendly tool to calculate discharge 
limits for pharmaceuticals, an industry guidance 
document on controlling pharmaceutical discharge 
and audit protocols to evaluate PiE supply chain risks.

consortium of universities, pharmaceutical companies 
and other research institutions. The five-year iPiE 
project developed frameworks, methods and database 
tools to support environmental testing for new 
pharmaceuticals and prioritized the testing of legacy 
pharmaceuticals with incomplete environmental 
data sets.

•  Collaborating on Novel PiE Assessment – We 

are currently engaged in a second IMI project, the 
Prioritization and Risk Evaluation of Medicines 
in the EnviRonment (PREMIER). This six-year 
PREMIER aims to deliver a novel assessment 
system for characterizing the environmental risks 
of pharmaceuticals while addressing several of 
the actions stated in the EU’s published Strategic 
Approach to PiE.

•  Advancing the Science of PiE – We continue to support 
efforts to advance PiE-related research by authoring 
papers, serving as reviewers for journals, presenting 
at conferences and workshops, and participating in 
meetings concerning the safety of pharmaceutical 
residues in water.

Water Performance Data

34  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWater Performance Data (cont'd)

View Lilly’s environmental data from 2020, including our previous goals and progress through 2020. Additional historical 
data are available in our reporting archives.

Footnotes

Note: Bureau Veritas was engaged by Eli Lilly and Company to provide limited assurance in 
relation to specified 2021 environmental performance data presented.

1  Water intake” is the total amount of water coming into a site, including water pumped from 
bodies of surface water and groundwater, as well as water provided by a utility. It includes 
water used in processes, utilities and other ancillary operations, such as irrigation. The term 
does not include groundwater pumped solely for treatment to satisfy regulatory actions or 
requirements (e.g., remediation activities where the water is not used for another purpose). 

Values do not include the water extracted from wells solely for the purpose of lowering the 
groundwater table(s) to maintain the physical and structural integrity of building foundations. 
Totals include a small amount of rainwater intake not included in other water intake 
subcategories. Lilly does not generally collect water data from small locations that house 
primarily administrative activities such as sales and marketing offices unless they are co-
located at a Lilly manufacturing or research facility.

2  “Water recycle rate” is calculated as the total annual volume of water recycled/reused divided 
by the sum of total annual water intake plus the total annual volume of water recycled/reused.

35  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyProduct 
Stewardship

Management Approach
Each stage of the pharmaceutical product life 
cycle includes distinct environmental impacts and 
opportunities for improvement. We therefore take a 
broad approach to understanding and managing potential 
environmental issues across our value chain, from 
development of new medicines to product end-of-life and 
disposal considerations. As the phase of research and 
development significantly influences the environmental 
footprint of pharmaceutical manufacturing, we integrate 
sustainability-focused design principles – such as green 
chemistry and end-product engineering – early in product 
development. These design principles help identify and 
reduce health, safety and environmental impacts from 
new production processes when possible. As our product 
portfolio evolves and grows, we continue to search for 
new and better ways to minimize our environmental 
footprint across the life cycle of our products.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Managing Environmental Performance  

Across the Product Life Cycle

 › Green Chemistry

 › Global Chemical Management

 › Green Logistics

 › Product End-of-Life

36  |  2021 ESG Report

Managing Environmental 
Performance Across the 
Product Life Cycle
Our circularity-based strategy includes integrating 
sustainability across the value-chain toward the ultimate 
goal of fostering a positive impact on patients and 
the planet.

Pharmaceutical Product  
Pharmaceutical Product Life Cycle
Life Cycle

Patient Use and
Product End of Life

Product 
Transportation 
and Logistics

Research and 
Development

Manufacturing

Materials 
and Natural 
Resources

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyPatient Use

The work we do starts with the patient in mind. We are committed to making a 
positive impact on people, society and the planet. We aspire to develop products that 
are inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable to achieve the highest level of safety, user 
experience and patient outcomes with all of our products.

Research 
and Development

We consider environmental factors beginning with the earliest stages of design and 
development. We use the 12 principles of green chemistry, environmental risk 
assessments, packaging manufacturing reviews and an environmental development 
review process to evaluate potential environmental impacts during the scale-up of 
production to manufacturing levels.

Materials  
and Natural  
Resources

Our stakeholders, including customers, governments and suppliers worldwide, are 
increasingly focused on the materials and chemicals used to make pharmaceutical 
products. A key component of our sustainability strategy is to reduce our carbon footprint 
by continuing to increase the use of environmentally friendly materials and processes. 
Additionally, through our chemical management program, we work to reduce our use of 
materials, water and other natural resources when possible.

Manufacturing

We recognize that our manufacturing processes require the use of valuable natural 
resources. Our priorities include compliance with applicable HSE regulations, policies, 
procedures and standards as we work to continually improve our environmental 
performance related to energy efficiency, waste minimization and water management. 
We strive to reduce Lilly’s environmental impacts associated with our own manufacturing 
processes as well as our contract manufacturing organizations.

Product  
Transportation 
and Logistics

We consider many factors when selecting product packaging, including sustainability 
aspects such as materials reuse and recyclability. We have formed a green logistics team 
that seeks to optimize both shipment volumes and transportation methods to reduce 
packaging materials and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

Product  
End-of-Life

Our product journey is circular and always comes back to where it started – the patient.

We work with stakeholders to ensure cost-effective approaches are available for product 
end-of-life disposal that balance environmental protection, patient safety and privacy, 
legal compliance and security.

We commit to understanding the potential effects of pharmaceuticals in the 
environment (PiE). We support using science-based evaluations to assess and reduce 
the environmental risks of our pharmaceutical products. Through collaborations with 
industry partners, academic researchers and regulatory agencies, we continually work  
to further understand and proactively address any potential impacts from our products.

37  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGreen Chemistry
Green chemistry has been a focus at Lilly for many 
years. From the selection of candidate molecules 
through the identification of manufacturing processes, 
our development teams engage in a variety of 
activities during research and development to design 
sustainably, including:

•  Eliminating or reducing the hazardous materials used 

to make a product

•  Focusing on removal of substances of very high 
concern (SVHC) as classified by the European 
Chemicals Agency

•  Shrinking the waste profiles of certain molecules 

through reduced solvent and water use

Increasing the overall efficiency of material use

• 

•  Advancing the underlying green chemistry of medicine 
development and making production both safer and 
more environmentally friendly through a commitment 
to continuous process improvement

• 

Implementing new manufacturing technologies that 
minimize environmental impact, including continuous 
flow processes, which Lilly has worked to advance in 
the pharmaceutical industry.

By employing green chemistry, we have also been able to 
enhance the safety profile of manufacturing processes by 
reducing the risk of the most hazardous manufacturing 
steps. We are also focused on the adoption of greener 
and safer solvents where possible. For example, we have 
replaced several hazardous solvents and hazardous 
air pollutants with safer alternatives in our chemical 
synthesis operations.

38  |  2021 ESG Report

Lilly Research

We continue to advance green chemistry through our own 
research, and several of our findings were published in 
scientific journals. Highlights include:

•  Sustainable Oligonucleotide Manufacturing –  

Co-authored a paper examining the sustainability 
challenges and opportunities in Oligonucleotide 
manufacturing, including minimizing waste and 
production costs.

•  Patent for Greener Medicine – Developed 

improvements in solvent efficiency and published a 
process patent and manuscript describing continuous 
chemistry for tirzepatide, a once-weekly dual glucose-
dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) and 
glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor.

External Collaborations

Lilly actively pursues wider industry collaborations to 
help advance green chemistry through a combination of 
dialogue and leadership with peer companies, scientific 
partnerships and research sponsorship. We are actively 
engaged in collaborations with the American Chemical 
Society (ACS) Pharmaceutical Roundtable and the IQ 
Consortium’s Green Chemistry Working Group to promote 
the Green Aspiration Level (GAL) tool and support 
ongoing development of industry standards. In 2021, we 
worked within industry peers to co-develop a new metric 
that may be used to measure the relative process 
greenness (RPG) to identify potentially underperforming 
and environmentally concerning processes early 
in development.

Global Chemical 
Management
Governments around the world and across many of the 
regions where we operate have developed chemical 
management legislation, such as the REACH regulation 
in the EU that requires companies to collect and register 
information about certain chemicals they manufacture or 
use, unless those chemicals are exempt.

These regulations may require replacing chemicals 
identified as hazardous with safer alternatives, 
when available. To address these concerns, we have 
implemented a formal program and screening process to 
evaluate designated “chemicals of concern” throughout 
the pharmaceutical research and development process. 
Our process also addresses mitigation steps where 
new restrictions may impact our existing operations. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyThis assists us with ensuring that our facilities and 
supply chain remain in compliance with chemical 
management laws.

During the scale-up of medicine production to 
manufacturing levels in our pharmaceutical business, 
we use an Environmental Development Review process 
to evaluate other potential environmental issues and 
opportunities. This process identifies and addresses 
potential impacts arising from manufacturing, suggests 
process improvements and facilitates learning as 
new medicines transition from the laboratory to the 
manufacturing facility.

Ensuring that our medicines have a smaller impact on 
the environment does not stop with green chemistry. 
We also focus extensively on water use, waste and 
pharmaceuticals in the environment (PiE). Learn more 
about our waste and water efforts.

39  |  2021 ESG Report

Ecologically Sound 
Endotoxin Testing
In 2018, Lilly worked to validate an alternative method of 
endotoxin testing – a necessary step for our medicines – 
that does not require sourcing horseshoe crabs. Several 
species of crabs are under threat or endangered from 
habitat loss and overharvesting, which negatively affects 
the ecosystems inhabited by horseshoe crabs and other 
species. This new form of endotoxin testing is especially 
important during times of immense vaccine production 
triggered by pandemics such as COVID-19.

All eight of Lilly’s manufacturing labs now have the 
capability to use the non-crab-sourced alternative rFC 
test reagent – and about 80% of our endotoxin tests use 
the recombinant version. Using the rFC process, Lilly 
has developed five medicines, including three COVID-19 
antibodies, that have recently been authorized for use by 
dozens of global health authorities.

Lilly’s industry-leading effort helped influence changes in 
the European pharmacopoeia in 2020 and Lilly continues 
to facilitate broader industry adoption and conversion to 
endotoxin testing alternatives that do not require the use 
of horseshoe crabs or other live animals.

Green Logistics
We consider many sustainability factors in selecting 
product packaging, including material use and 
recyclability. Pharmaceutical packaging must meet 
stringent regulatory and internal standards. In some 
cases, this prevents us from using recycled content, as 
is the case with container closure systems that come 
into direct contact with our products. We continually 
seek to improve packaging design to reduce the amount 
of packaging used, use lower impact materials and 
ensure recyclability. Examples of some of our packaging 
initiatives include:

•  EndeavAir Project – We have begun investigating 

how we can improve the sustainability of packaging 
used for transporting medicines by air and sea 
freight. Historically, we used a single-use insulated 
package. After researching and testing alternatives, 
we arrived at a reusable shipping container that 
improves performance and increases capacity, thereby 
reducing the number of shipments overall. We have 
implemented this new packaging solution at our sites 
in Japan and Spain, and aim to expand use to other 
geographies in the coming years.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyDevice Take-Back and Recycling Pilot

We are also committed to investigating ways to mitigate 
plastic waste by exploring potential new options to 
reduce end-product waste. In 2020, we initiated a device 
take-back pilot program in Germany. By partnering with 
several hospitals and physician offices in the Berlin 
area, we are able to collect injection devices from some 
of our diabetes products after they have been used by 
patients. These devices can then be transported to a 
local company that converts plastic waste to chemical 
feedstock for making new plastic. While still in its 
infancy, the pilot program is a first step in our efforts to 
increase the circularity of our devices and minimize their 
environmental impact. Although progress was slowed 
due to the COVID-19 pandemic’s impact on hospitals, 
pharmacies and physician offices, we continued to 
advance our German take-back pilot in 2021 by partnering 
with physician offices to collect Trulicity devices after 
they were used by patients. We are also exploring 
opportunities for broader industry collaborations to 
identify and implement new processes and technologies 
for recycling of devices after patient use.

•  Recycling of Data Loggers – Every year, thousands of 
data loggers – small temperature measuring devices 
that ensure the quality of our pharmaceutical products 
– are used in logistics and then simply thrown away. 
We were able to develop a recycling program for these 
devices in cooperation with our manufacturer. In 2021 
we were able to recycle nearly 200,000 data loggers, 
weighing approximately 26,000 pounds.

Product End-of-Life
Unlike many consumer products that can be recycled or 
are composed of materials that can be reclaimed at the 
end of their usefulness, many of our medicines are, by 
nature, different. Public health regulations often prohibit 
the use of recovered materials from pharmaceutical 
products like those produced by Lilly. We continue to 
work with customers, industry partners and public health 
officials to address these product end-of-life issues.

We promote policy decisions that are efficient, effective 
and protect both human health and the environment. We 
also support educating patients and caregivers on proper 
disposal of medicines, as well as disposal of syringes, 
needles and other sharps used in home settings. We 
communicate this information to patients through product 
user manuals and The Lilly Answers Center, a hotline that 
answers frequently asked questions about our products.

We are actively involved in the Pharmaceutical Product 
Stewardship Work Group, a U.S.-based membership 
association of manufacturers of prescription and  
over-the-counter medicines that supports compliance  
with U.S. household disposal regulations for unused  
medicines and sharps. We also engage with other  
industry stakeholders on these matters in the EU,  
such as (European Federation of Pharmaceutical 
Industries and Associations (EFPIA), as well as in  
Canada (Health Products Stewardship Association).

View Lilly’s environmental data from 2020, including our previous goals and progress through 2020. Additional historical 
data are available in our reporting archives.

40  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencySocial

IN THIS SECTION 

Our Social Approach 

Access & Affordability 

Community Engagement 

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 

Employee Well-Being 

Human Rights 

Patient Safety 

Download Data Sheet

42

43

55

60

74

85

89

41  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Social Approach

Our approach to social impact starts with our medicines and our goal to expand access to 
quality health care. We work across global health systems to extend our reach by being part of 
the solution for complex challenges that disproportionately affect people living in settings with 
limited resources. We strive to provide an inclusive, high-performance workplace where our team 
members can bring their authentic selves to work every day, and grow and thrive. And in our 
communities, we invest our time, expertise and resources to drive social impact, with a focus on 
health. We also engage in targeted social issues that affect our business, our communities and 
employees, with an emphasis on racial justice and education.

Goals and Highlights

Access and  
Affordability

Community  
Engagement

Reach 30 million people in resource-limited 
settings annually by 2030, through investments 
in people, medicines and health systems.

Lilly employees and retirees, along with  
match from the Lilly Foundation, contributed 
$12.6 million to United Way in 2021.

Diversity and Inclusion

Employee Safety

Increase the number of women and minority 
group members in leadership; increase the 
current representation of Black/African 
Americans in our U.S. workforce from 
approximately 10% to 13%.

Achieve zero severe injuries; develop safety 
leadership capabilities, reduce our  
most significant risks that could have  
life-altering or fatal consequences and  
manage business continuity risk.

42  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyAccess & Affordability

SASB Disclosures Covered:

Access to Medicines (HC-BP-240a.1, HC-BP-240a.2)

Affordability & Pricing (HC-BP-240b.2)

Management Approach
Throughout our nearly 150-year history, Lilly has 
pioneered many life-changing medicines – including 
insulin, which has helped make diabetes a manageable 
disease; penicillin, which greatly reduced deaths from 
infection; fluoxetine, which revolutionized depression 
care; and COVID-19 treatments, which have provided 
additional tools in the fight against the global pandemic. 
Today, over 47 million people use Lilly’s medicines.

Lilly employees from across the globe come together 
from diverse backgrounds to harness the power of 
biotechnology and aim to bring relief to millions of 
people with serious illnesses. We invest in innovation 
that helps solve some of the world's most significant 
health challenges.

43  |  2021 ESG Report

But we know that our commitment to patients and society 
goes beyond the medicines we make.

We are deeply committed to equitable and affordable 
access to our medicines so that our breakthroughs can 
transform more people’s lives. We’re also committed to 
expanding our impact on society by addressing complex 
global health challenges, with a focus on people living in 
communities with limited resources.

Reaching across industry boundaries, we collaborate with 
leading partners to reach more people and help them 
feel better in their daily lives. Our collective work benefits 
individual patients and the entire global health system.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › U.S. Access and Affordability

 ›

Improving Global Access and Health

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyU.S. Access & Affordability
Pricing in the U.S.

Pricing medicines to ensure the right balance between 
patient access and sustained investment in life-changing 
treatments is complex. At Lilly, we know that pricing our 
medicines is one of the most important decisions we 
make as a company. When making pricing considerations, 
we use a value-based approach, taking into account 
the following:

•  Customer perspective – The unmet needs that 

medicines can fulfill for patients and caregivers and 
how people can affordably access the treatment.

•  Company considerations – The costs of research, 
development, manufacturing and support services 
for customers; business trends and other economic 
factors; as well as the medicine’s potential market 
size, patent life and place within our larger portfolio 
of medicines.

•  Competitive landscape – The benefits of our 

medicine compared to alternative medicines, where 
our medicine fits in treating conditions and existing 
contracts between payers and our competitors.

•  Other external factors – Such as health system 

changes and policy guidelines.

Lilly also makes price adjustments (up or down) over a 
product’s lifecycle that are based on the factors above as 
well as improvements in the clinical data supporting the 
drug’s use.

We are committed to increasing transparency around 
the price of our medicines. We publish list prices for our 
medicines, as well as average out-of-pocket costs and 
financial assistance information.

List Price vs. Net Price

Lilly sets a list price for each of our medicines using the 
considerations noted above.

To expand patient access, we pay rebates and other 
discounts to payers, pharmacy benefit managers 
(PBMs), providers, the U.S. and state governments and 
other supply chain entities such as wholesalers and 
distributors. After paying these rebates and discounts, the 
final dollar amount that Lilly ultimately receives is called 
the net price.

From 2016 to 2021, these rebates and discounts have 
continued to increase for Lilly’s entire U.S. portfolio while 
net prices for many of our medicines have continued 
to decrease.

Comparison of Lilly List and Net Price Changes  
Comparison of Lilly List And Net Price Changes
For U.S. Product Portfolio1: 2016-2021
For U.S. Product Portfolio1
% change versus the prior year

14%

2.4%

9.7%

6.0%

5.5%

3.0%

3.4%

4.9%

2016

2017

2018 -0.5%

2019

2020

2021

-1.2%

-3.3%

-5.3%

List Price2

Net Price3

1 U.S. Product Portfolio includes all human pharmaceutical products marketed in the U.S. for which Lilly is the holder of the new drug application (NDA). 

Bamlanivamab and etesevimab are not included because they are not currently marketed commercially. The U.S. Product Portfolio represents approximately  
87% of our total U.S. human pharmaceutical revenue. 

1 U.S. Product Portfolio includes all human pharmaceutical products marketed in the U.S. for which Lilly is the holder of the new drug application
  (NDA). Bamlanivamab and etesevimab are not included because they are not currently marketed commercially. The U.S. Product Portfolio 
  represents approximately 87% of our total U.S. human pharmaceutical revenue. 
2 List Price represents the weighted average year-over-year change in the wholesale acquisition cost (WAC).
3 Net Price represents weighted average year-over-year change in net price, which is WAC minus rebates, discounts and channel costs.

2 List Price represents the weighted average year-over-year change in the wholesale acquisition cost (WAC).
3 Net Price represents weighted average year-over-year change in net price, which is WAC minus rebates, discounts and channel costs.

44  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyHumalog® List And Net Price Per Vial1
Humalog® List And Net Price Per Vial1

$268

$275

$275

$275

$275

$246

$59

2016

$137

$137

$137

$61

2017

$62

2018

$60

2019

$50

2020

$43

2021

Humalog List 
Price Per Vial

Humalog/Insulin Lispro 
Net Price Per Vial

Insulin Lispro List 
Price Per Vial2

Anyone is eligible to buy their monthly prescription of Lilly insulin for $35 or less if they use 
commercial insurance, Medicare Part D3, Medicaid or have no insurance at all. 

The last list price increase for Humalog vial was May 2017. List Price represents the weighted 
average wholesale acquisition cost (WAC). Net Price represents the weighted average net price, 
which is WAC minus rebates, discounts and channel costs. 

1 The average net price per vial, the amount Lilly receives after rebates and discounts, is calculated by dividing the total net vial sales (Humalog and Insulin Lispro 

1 The average net price per vial, the amount Lilly receives after rebates and discounts, is calculated by dividing the total net vial sales (Humalog and Insulin Lispro vials), 
   by the total vials sold. 

vials), by the total vials sold. 

2 The new list price for Insulin Lispro per vial, $82.41, went into effect in January 2022.

3 Medicare Part D participants must be enrolled in a plan in the Senior Savings Model.

2 The new list price for Insulin Lispro per vial, $82.41, went into effect in January 2022.
3 Medicare Part D participants must be enrolled in a plan in the Senior Savings Model.

Average Lilly Net Price
Average Lilly Net Price

(as a % of list price) after discounts across the U.S. product portfolio1

50%

49%

46%

43%

40%

39%

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

1 The average net price percentage is calculated by dividing net sales, the amount Lilly receives after rebates and discounts, by the annual gross
   sales (total sales at list price, prior to all discounts).

¹ The average net price percentage is calculated by dividing net sales, the amount Lilly receives after rebates and discounts, 

by the annual gross   sales (total sales at list price, prior to all discounts).

45  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyLilly Affordability Solutions

Discovering new medicines that make life better for 
people around the world drives our company and our 
employees. Innovative medicines play a crucial role in 
reducing the burden of disease, improving lives and 
ultimately bringing down health care costs.

Changes in the U.S. health care system have created 
greater consumer cost-sharing and exposed a growing 
number of people to a medicine’s full list price.

We actively advocate for and participate in the process of 
driving systematic changes. We support the restructuring 
of financial incentives for the entire pharmaceutical 
supply chain to ensure patients directly benefit from 
rebates and discounts we provide at their point of 
purchase. We are also taking important steps within our 
own control to increase access to Lilly medicines today.

Lilly offers a variety of affordability solutions through 
patient support programs and copay assistance across 
the major products of our portfolio, including medicines 
for diabetes, migraine, immunology diseases and cancer. 
For migraine and immunology, we’ve designed copay 
assistance programs to bring eligible patients’ monthly 
out-of-pocket costs to as little as $25 or lower. For 
cancer, we have created a Lilly Oncology Support Center 
that assists eligible patients in identifying affordability 
options related to their Lilly treatment.

Insulin Affordability

For millions of people with diabetes, insulin is a life-
saving medicine. Over the last century, this medical 
miracle has improved and extended countless lives 
around the world. Lilly takes its role as a leading diabetes 
company seriously – and that includes ensuring people 
have affordable access to treatments.

While many people in the U.S. have insurance coverage 
with affordable copays, others struggle to afford their 
out-of-pocket costs for insulin. Some people have large 
deductibles they must satisfy before insurance will 
cover their medicines, while others have no insurance 
at all. And, for many people, insulin is just one of 
several interventions used to control diabetes, such as 
blood glucose monitoring devices and supplies, and 
other medicines.

In recent years, we’ve taken numerous steps to help 
ensure people can afford their insulin at retail pharmacies 
regardless of their personal circumstances – including 
establishing automatic discounts at retail pharmacies and 
launching non-branded insulins with lower list prices.

Today, anyone is eligible to obtain their monthly 
prescription of Lilly insulin for $35 or less – regardless of 

46  |  2021 ESG Report

the number of vials or pens – whether they are uninsured 
or use commercial insurance, Medicaid or a participating 
Medicare Part D plan. This follows the introduction of 
several affordability options including:

•  Lilly Insulin Value Program – In April 2020, Lilly 
unveiled the Lilly Insulin Value Program, a new 
co-pay card that allows anyone with commercial 
insurance, or no insurance at all, to obtain their 
monthly prescription of Lilly insulin for $35 at retail 
pharmacies. In September 2020, we announced our 
long-term commitment to this program.

•  Medicare Part D Senior Savings Model – We also 
participate in the Medicare Part D Senior Savings 
Model, a federal government program that allows 
seniors enrolled in participating Medicare Part D 
plans to purchase their monthly prescription of Lilly 
insulin for $35 during all phases of their Part D 
coverage – including deductibles, the coverage gap 
and co-pays. Lilly has committed all of our insulins to 
the Savings Model program, which went into effect in 
January 2021.

• 

Insulin Lispro – Lilly’s non-branded insulin was first 
introduced in 2019 at half the list price of branded 
Humalog. On January 1, 2022, we lowered the list 
price of Insulin Lispro by an additional 40 percent, 
making its list price 70 percent lower than Humalog. 
Approximately one in three prescriptions for Lilly’s 
U-100 mealtime insulin – Lilly’s most commonly used 
insulin formulation – is for Insulin Lispro.

All of these programs are making an impact and helping 
at least 20,000 people each month better afford their 
insulin. Importantly, despite rising insurance deductibles, 
the average monthly out-of-pocket cost for Lilly insulin 
has dropped 44 percent, to $21.80, over the past 
five years.

Our suite of affordability programs is available on 
insulinaffordability.com and through the Lilly Diabetes 
Solution Center at (833) 808-1234. The Solution Center 
is a call center staffed with experts who can help 
guide individuals to the affordability solution that best 
matches their needs, including connecting people with 
diabetes to charitable organizations that provide free 
Lilly insulin. Additionally, we are a financial supporter 
of getinsulin.org, a tool launched in 2020 by the patient 
advocacy group, Beyond Type 1, that helps people easily 
find the most affordable insulin options in their area – 
regardless of brand or manufacturer. Both web- and 
app-based, getinsulin.org is a convenient one-stop shop 
for people who use insulin and is available in both English 
and Spanish.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyThese solutions are only helpful if people know 
about them, and Lilly has worked diligently to make 
people aware of their options. We published full-page 
advertisements printed in dozens of top English and 
Spanish-language newspapers to inform the public how 
they can lower their insulin costs. We have also published 
sponsored content and ads online, and participated in 
radio station interviews about Lilly’s affordability solutions 
in markets throughout the U.S.

Lilly Cares Foundation

In addition to the Lilly insulin affordability solutions  
noted above, Lilly also donates medicines to the Lilly 
Cares Foundation, a separate nonprofit organization that 
provides Lilly medications for free to qualifying patients 
in the United States. Eligibility is determined by the Lilly 
Cares Foundation.

Value vs Volume: Linking Cost to  
Patient Outcomes

When a patient seeks medical care, the health care 
system’s top goal should be to improve their health. 
Medical interventions, including medicines, should be 
evaluated based on how well the patient’s health may 
improve. This seems obvious, but it’s not how our current 
payment system works.

Under the existing fee-for-service model that is common 
in the U.S., payments are based on the number of 
treatments or services provided, not whether a patient 
sees improvements in their health. However, as health 
care costs and rates of chronic disease continue to rise, 
there has been increased urgency to deliver care that 
brings greater value to both the patient and the health 
care system as a whole.

We believe that innovative value-based arrangements 
(VBAs) are an important part of the solution. VBAs allow 
Lilly to stand behind the health outcomes we expect 
our medicines to deliver when the medicines are used 
appropriately. Such arrangements are designed to link the 
cost of our medicine more directly to patient outcomes.

A VBA includes predefined patient health outcomes and/
or associated performance metrics based on the observed 
impact of a particular medicine on the person taking it. 
Such metrics can include favorable test results, improved 
medication adherence, reduced re-hospitalization rates 
or reduction in overall disease management costs. This 
approach can transform the health care system to one 
that is about delivering value versus one about the volume 
of medicines purchased.

47  |  2021 ESG Report

Lilly has been committed to driving VBAs since 2014 and 
in the U.S., more than 50% of revenue flowing through our 
access-based contracts has a value-based component 
– a goal we met in 2021, two years ahead of schedule. 
In addition, we have alternative access contracts in 
other global markets, many of which are value-based. 
We use each VBA as an opportunity to learn more about 
the real-world data we need to gather to make these 
arrangements more effective.

In many cases, VBAs improve access to a medicine 
for eligible patients and many patients may also get 
more personalized care, given medicines in these 
arrangements are generally made available based on how 
well they work in specific subpopulations. For payers, 
VBAs can help them better maintain affordability in novel 
ways and pay for medicines that deliver outcomes. For 
companies like Lilly, these arrangements can increase 
access to their medicines and reinforce data from clinical 
studies with real-world evidence. And over the long term, 
the results from these arrangements may help inform 
and improve future research and development efforts.

We believe VBAs have the potential to improve patient 
outcomes while lowering costs for the entire health care 
system, but they require increased collaboration between 
payers, health systems, employers, patients and industry 
to be successful. At Lilly, we continue to advocate for 
legislative and regulatory changes that support this 
transition. We believe this is one of the most important 
long-term changes we can make as an industry.

Long Term Policy Solutions

Lilly is actively working with other stakeholders 
throughout the health care system, including Congress, 
to seek common-sense policy solutions to address gaps. 
Some of these include:

•  Rebate Pass-Through – We continue to advocate 

for insurers to pass through our negotiated rebates 
directly to consumers at the point of purchase.

•  First Dollar Coverage – We support efforts to exempt 
certain health care services for chronic conditions, 
including medicines such as insulin, from insurance 
plan deductibles.

• 

Insulin Out-of-Pocket Caps – We support legislation 
to cap out-of-pocket costs for Medicare Part D and 
privately insured patients. We believe a cap could 
provide a critical financial safeguard for patients and 
support the $35 copay cap for insulin.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWe believe these long-term, much-needed reforms could 
provide lasting relief to those who struggle to afford their 
medicines. In the meantime, Lilly intends to continue 
providing affordability solutions to people who need them.

As we’ve expanded these cost-saving policies, both 
company-paid and employee-paid premiums for our plans 
have grown an average of just 3% annually – half as fast 
as the trend among all U.S. employers.

Large Employers Doing Their Part: 
Making Health Care More Affordable  
for Employees

Employers are spending more than ever to provide health 
benefits to their workers in the U.S. Yet many, especially 
those with chronic illnesses, struggle with affordability 
and access to the care they need.

If more employers – especially large employers – reduce 
cost-sharing for high-value therapies, they could change 
the insurance market in ways that could improve health 
and productivity while constraining costs.

Like all employers, Lilly works every year to minimize the 
rising costs of health care for our organization. For more 
than a decade, we’ve offered exclusively high-deductible 
plans to our employees. But we take certain steps to 
make sure our high deductibles don’t lead our people to 
skip or ration the care they need.

We fund our employees’ health savings accounts 
all at once at the beginning of the year. It shouldn’t 
matter if someone gets sick around New Year’s Day or 
Thanksgiving Day – we believe they should have money to 
help cover their health care costs.

•  We exempt preventive and chronic disease 

medications from our health plan deductibles. This 
means Lilly employees, retirees and their families pay 
only 10% to 20% of these medicines’ prices instead of 
the full retail price.

•  For all medicines, Lilly’s health plan has lowered costs 
by passing through rebates to patients at the point of 
sale. Sharing these rebates helped over 9,000 of our 
health plan members save $260 on average in 2021 – 
or about $2.4 million collectively.

•  We provide all insulins to our eligible employees, 

retirees and family members at zero cost. This helps 
ensure our health plan members can stay fully 
adherent to their therapy.

•  Employees and their eligible family members with 

diabetes can receive a free connected glucose meter 
and related supplies, along with real-time support 
from trained diabetes educators.

48  |  2021 ESG Report

We believe corporate leaders across the U.S. can make 
longer-term decisions and trade-offs to more effectively 
manage health benefits. Working together, employers 
can advance good ideas and help provide a better way 
to make U.S. health care and health insurance work for 
all Americans.

Improving Global Access 
and Health
Medicines play an important role in making life better 
for people. When used appropriately, medications can 
help us live longer and healthier, slow the progression 
of disease, improve management of chronic conditions, 
enhance our quality of life and prevent or minimize 
complications– or even potentially eliminate the need for 
costly hospitalizations and surgeries. But medicines can 
often be out of reach for those who need them the most. 
Ensuring access to medicines is an important component 
of investing in health and well-being. 

Our commitment to tackle complex global health 
challenges takes many forms. We work to develop and 
scale sustainable solutions while focusing on diseases 
where we have deep technical expertise.

Pricing Around the World

We sell medicines in about 120 countries around the 
world. Each country values medications and innovation 
differently, and each must balance competing demands 
for finite resources, including other health care products 
and services, as well as meeting other social needs, 
such as education or infrastructure. At Lilly, we consider 
country-specific conditions when pricing medicines 
on a market-by-market basis to help ensure patients 
have affordable access to the innovative medications we 
develop. We support public policies to meet this same 
end. We strive to price our medicines to enable affordable 
access for appropriate patients, reflecting the value 
provided to patients, providers, payers, caregivers, the 
health system and society as a whole.

We explore new pricing and reimbursement models in 
different markets, and we advocate for policy changes 
that help increase access to medicines while protecting 
innovation and enabling development of new medicines. 
Value-based and outcomes-based reimbursement models 
are examples of approaches that can deliver greater 
health and economic value to health systems. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyAs a global company, we are particularly aware of the 
social and economic circumstances in many developing 
countries that may make access to medicines difficult. 
In response, Lilly is researching alternative business 
models, recognizing lower ability to pay in lower-income 
countries. We also support efforts to decrease the final 
price of medicines to patients, such as minimizing taxes 
and limiting markups applied in the supply chain.

larger health ecosystem composed of public and private 
providers, health care professionals, hospitals and clinics, 
laboratories, supply chain operators and health insurers, 
and we recognize that no single organization or sector can 
achieve UHC on its own. We believe the private sector is 
well-positioned to contribute to UHC goals as we provide 
products and services to improve lives for many millions 
of people across the globe.

COVID-19 Antibody Pricing  
and Allocation

We believe cost should not be a barrier to access – 
including for patients who need Lilly’s COVID-19 antibody 
therapies. Wherever possible, we negotiated contracts 
with governments to set patient out-of-pocket costs for 
our COVID-19 therapies at $0. For instance, the U.S. 
government has committed that patients will have no out 
of-pocket costs for Lilly’s antibody therapies, although 
health care facilities may charge a fee for the product’s 
administration. We pursued tiered pricing arrangements 
for government purchases of our antibody therapies, 
based on the World Bank’s gross national income (GNI) 
per capita data. The price we charge governments for 
bamlanivimab and etesevimab is $2,100 per dose for 
wealthy countries, with lower prices for countries with 
less ability to pay. Furthermore, we provided more than 
100,000 doses of our bamlanivimab and etesevimab 
COVID-19 therapies at no cost to Direct Relief for use in 
eight low-income to lower-middle-income countries.

Lilly’s Support of Universal Health  
Care Principles

In 2019, Lilly participated in the first-ever high-level 
meeting of the United Nations (UN) General Assembly 
focused exclusively on universal health coverage (UHC). 
The meeting featured heads of state, global health 
leaders and policymakers, who issued a collective call 
to elevate discussions of access to health care beyond 
ministries of health and to address the issue in a 
holistic way.

We support the principles of UHC and its importance in 
fulfilling the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, 
which provides a framework for member countries, the 
private sector and non-governmental organizations to 
work together toward achieving peace and prosperity for 
people and our planet by realizing the UN’s Sustainable 
Development Goals. UHC means that all individuals and 
communities have access to quality health care services, 
where and when they need them, without risk of financial 
hardship. Pharmaceutical companies are part of a much 

49  |  2021 ESG Report

Intellectual Property

Intellectual property protections play a central role in 
driving innovations that result in better patient outcomes. 
For example, decades-long investments made by 
biopharmaceutical companies in new technologies, 
research and treatments helped prepare the industry 
to pivot quickly and develop therapies and vaccines 
in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Sustaining a 
dependable intellectual propriety environment enhances 
the industry’s ability to respond quickly to future public 
health challenges, promotes the pursuit of breakthroughs 
in areas of unmet need, like Alzheimer's disease and 
antimicrobial resistance, and emboldens investor 
confidence in keeping the engines of innovation operating 
at full speed.

Intellectual property improves patient access by 
expanding the innovation base. Lilly supports the removal 
of regulatory or pricing, reimbursement and access 
restrictions for generics and biosimilars when intellectual 
property protections expire. In addition, Lilly has a long-
standing practice of not seeking or enforcing patents for 
medicines in least developed countries, as defined by the 
United Nations.

Lilly 30x30

Through investments in people, medicines and health 
systems, we aim to improve access to quality health 
care for 30 million people living in settings with limited 
resources annually by 2030. We call this global effort 
Lilly 30x30. To achieve our goal, we are leveraging the 
company’s resources and working with leading health 
organizations to increase access to Lilly medicines and 
address complex global health challenges. Our bold Lilly 
30x30 goal will advance health equity across three areas 
of impact: our pipeline and external pipelines we help 
support, programs to increase access to Lilly medicines, 
and partnerships. In each of these areas, we are working 
to develop high-impact, scalable solutions.

Governance of 30x30

To embed accountability throughout the company, 
Lilly 30x30 is governed by a steering committee of six 
Executive Committee members and the head of Social 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyImpact. Reporting to the CEO, this committee oversees 
management of key priorities and operational milestones 
to measure our progress and ensures the Lilly 30x30 
program is strategically aligned with our business.

In 2021, Lilly created a new senior role within our Lilly 
International business unit to accelerate Lilly 30x30 
activities. This role will help identify and implement new 
opportunities, including solutions to improve access to 
insulins in low- and middle-income countries.

Measuring Patient Reach

To track our progress, we developed a measurement 
framework that allows us to estimate the number of 
people we reach through the full Lilly 30x30 portfolio. 
This includes a proportion of people we reach with 
our marketed products, people we reach via product 
donations, and the estimated number of people reached 
by the implementing organizations of our global health 
partnerships. We continue to develop new initiatives 
with broad reach to achieve our 2030 goal. In 2021, 
our estimated Lilly 30x30 reach was approximately 
11.6 million people, an increase of about 6.6 million 
since 2015.

2030 Goal

30 30

Reach 30 million people in 
resource-limited settings 
annually by 2030

2015

2020

2021

Pipeline

In 2021, we continued to explore the repositioning and 
repurposing of internal assets and engaging with external 
organizations that develop innovation for diseases 
disproportionately affecting people living in settings 
with limited resources. Our research efforts remained 
focused on our current and legacy products, and mid- to 
late-phase assets. We also engaged external groups to 
explore potential opportunities and business development 
models that further support the development of our Lilly 
30x30 pipeline.

Drug Development and Repurposing

Not every Lilly scientific discovery will go on to become 
a marketed medicine, but some could still yield value in 
other ways. For example, in response to the coronavirus 
pandemic, our Lilly 30x30 drug repurposing efforts 
uncovered an antibody previously studied in cancer that 
could be evaluated against new disease targets. Other 
examples include:

•  Lilly Collaboration with NIDA - Lilly has entered into 
a collaboration with NIDA to explore the potential of 
some early-phase therapies that might be repurposed 
for the treatment of opioid use disorder (OUD). 
Although there are three drugs approved by the U.S. 
Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of 
opioid dependence, misuse of opioids remains a 
significant public health concern, and there is a high 
Progress
unmet need to develop new and effective treatments 
for opioid and other addictive disorders. Opioid and 
other addictive disorders disproportionately affect 
5 Million
people with limited resources. 

7.3 Million

Lilly has provided NIDA with samples of four specific 
molecules that we initially studied for psychiatric 
disorders and diabetes. There is evidence to suggest 
these investigational therapies may hold the potential 
for other indications. 

11.6 Million

Growing Numbers Reached through  
Lilly 30x30 

Growing Numbers Reached through Lilly 30x30

Growing Numbers Reached through Lilly 30x30

2030 Goal

Progress

30 30

Reach 30 million people in 
resource-limited settings 

annually by 2030

2015

2020

2021

5 Million

7.3 Million

11.6 Million

Lilly’s own initial data, along with scientific review 
literature, show that these molecules may have effects 
on the brain-reward pathway by decreasing anxiety, 
improving mood, increasing satiation or dampening 
the rewarding effects of drugs of abuse.

•  Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR) Action Fund - In 

2020, the Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR) Action Fund 
was launched by over 20 leading biopharmaceutical 
companies, including Lilly. Joining forces with 
global charitable organizations and development 
banks, the AMR Action Fund aims to accelerate 
antibiotic development with the goal to deliver 2-4 
new antibiotics by 2030. To launch the AMR Action 
Fund, Lilly loaned one of our finance executives to 

50  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
 
•  Answering questions related to living with disease and 

managing health

•  Providing information on Lilly medicines and training 

on Lilly devices.

To help expand access to our medicines, some of our 
support programs take a patient’s income level and ability 
to pay into consideration.

Alternative Access Programs

Lilly offers alternative access programs in addition to 
standard pricing, reimbursement and access models. Our 
alternative programs facilitate appropriate patient access 
to Lilly medicines by addressing specific challenges faced 
by institutional payers, patients or channel partners.

We are also exploring manufacturing and public-private, 
partnership-based solutions to expand access to our 
products in the countries where Lilly currently has no or 
limited presence.

Partnerships

Through strategic partnerships and collaborations, Lilly 
and the Lilly Foundation work to strengthen local health 
care systems and improve access to care. In conjunction 
with other organizations, Lilly uses its technology and 
expertise to find innovative, sustainable and scalable 
solutions to help address pressing global health 
concerns, especially diabetes care. We work to establish 
cross-industry collaborations and develop and test 
models of care to reach as many people as possible.

Our global health work is largely focused on 
noncommunicable diseases (NCDs), which 
disproportionately affect people living in settings with 
limited resources. According to the World Health 
Organization, more than three quarters of NCD deaths 
annually – 31.4 million – occur in low- and middle-income 
countries. Even in the U.S., NCDs have a greater impact 
on underserved communities. It’s not uncommon for 
someone in the U.S. with limited resources to live 10 to 15 
years less than someone in the U.S. with more resources 
living just 10 miles away.

Through our partnerships, we share data and lessons 
learned to help inform policy and advocate for the scale-
up and replication of proven, cost-effective solutions.

serve as interim CEO, underscoring our commitment 
to strengthening and accelerating antibiotic 
development. Lilly continues to be a top-tier investor, 
with $100 million commitment over the life of 
the Fund.

•  PASTEUR Act - To further support AMR efforts, 

Lilly extended our support in 2021 to the bipartisan 
Pioneering Antimicrobial Subscriptions to End 
Upsurging Resistance (PASTEUR) Act. The bill seeks 
to advance needed reforms to encourage innovative 
drug development targeting the most threatening 
infections, improve the appropriate use of antibiotics 
and ensure domestic availability when needed.

Programs

Through Lilly 30x30, we are strengthening our existing 
programs and developing new approaches to improve 
access to Lilly products and services for people living in 
settings with limited resources. These efforts include 
exploring alternative business models and expanding 
access strategies and patient support programs.

Patient Support Programs

Lilly offers more than 125 patient support programs 
across 40 countries that reach nearly 1.5 million people 
annually. These programs, including strengthened insulin 
affordability efforts in the U.S., support people who take 
Lilly medicines as well as their caregivers and loved ones.

Our patient support programs fall into three categories:

•  Supporting patients through reimbursement and 

product access issues

51  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGlobal Health Partnerships Overview
Global Health Partnerships Overview

16 active
partnerships

Focus countries:

Focus areas:

• China
• India
• Mexico
• Sub-Saharan Africa
• U.S.

• Diabetes
• Cancer 
• Health systems 
   strengthening

25+
partner 
organizations

Notable Partnerships

•  Africa Health Worker Training Initiative – In early 

2020, we joined four other health care companies and 
the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to launch a new 
fund to increase access to community-based primary 
health care for nearly 1.7 million people in up to six 
African countries by 2022. Led by nonprofit partners 
Last Mile Health and Living Goods, who have worked 
through networks in Kenya, Uganda, Liberia, Ethiopia 
and Malawi, the initiative has supported or digitally 
enabled more than 16,000 Community Health Workers 
(CHWs) to date, with new partnerships developing in 
Sierra Leone and Burkina Faso. Following the onset 
of the COVID-19 pandemic, both organizations quickly 
adapted their programming to support government-
led response efforts focused on training and equipping 
CHWs to safely interrupt virus transmission while also 
maintaining essential health services. The COVID-19 
pandemic helped validate the important role of 
CHWs, increased demand for digital health solutions 
and accelerated efforts for community health 
systems strengthening.

•  UNICEF – In early 2022, Lilly and UNICEF announced 
a collaboration to help improve health for 10 million 
children and adolescents living with or at risk of 
chronic, non-communicable diseases (NCDs) through 
2025. Lilly has committed $14.4 million in support 
of UNICEF's life-saving work to address NCD risk 
factors, strengthen health systems, and enhance 
the ability of health care workers to care for patients 

52  |  2021 ESG Report

in Bangladesh, Malawi, Nepal, the Philippines and 
Zimbabwe. The countries were selected based on the 
potential to strengthen country-level health systems 
and models that provide care and support for children 
and adolescents with chronic conditions. This four-
year commitment reflects the respective efforts of 
Lilly and UNICEF to work toward the UN Sustainable 
Development Goals. Donations from Lilly will go 
directly to the U.S. Fund for UNICEF, a tax-exempt 
organization that supports UNICEF's global work.

•  Expanding Successful AMPATH Model – Lilly and the 
Lilly Foundation have each provided support related 
to AMPATH, which has been working for 30 years 
in western Kenya to improve health for people with 
limited resources. Lilly’s product donations related 
to the support of AMPATH Kenya total $215 million 
– including $36 million in medicines in 2021 – and 
are helping people living with cancer, diabetes 
and mental health disorders. Lilly and the Lilly 
Foundation provided support related to AMPATH’s 
efforts to establish new health sites in Puebla, 
Mexico and Tamale, Ghana, with the potential to 
reach more than 7 million people by 2030. Lilly has 
committed support of more than $2.8 million related 
to helping establish AMPATH in Puebla. The Lilly 
Foundation awarded $600,000 related to support 
efforts to provide additional personnel in Ghana and 
$520,000 to support the IU Center for Global Health’s 
role as the coordinating secretariat of the global 
AMPATH Consortium.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Diabetes Impact Project in Indianapolis 

Neighborhoods (DIP-IN) – In 2021, Lilly announced 
expansion of our support of DIP-IN, committing an 
additional $5 million to the project with the Richard M. 
Fairbanks School of Public Health at Indiana 
University and other community partners. Initially 
launched in 2018, the goal of this effort is to drive 
long-term improvements in diabetes diagnosis and 
care in three Indianapolis neighborhoods where 
residents are predominantly people of color and there 
are high rates of diabetes. The program employs a 
holistic approach to diabetes prevention and control 
that includes residents, and neighborhood and clinic-
based community health workers who help identify 
people with or at risk for developing diabetes and 
connect them with quality care. The pilot has the 
potential to scale to health systems in Indiana and 
across the U.S. and could reach more than 250,000 
people by 2030.

•  Type 2 Diabetes in Mexico – Lilly is working with 

Mexico’s Consejo de Salubridad General (National 
Health Council) and the Fundación México-Estados 
Unidos para la Ciencia (FUMEC) to strengthen the 
Mexican health care system and the treatment of 
chronic diseases, starting with type 2 diabetes. 
Launched in 2020, this project is developing 
information tools for better decision-making and 
engagement between patients and health care 
providers. The project uses an epidemiological 
surveillance system, called SANENT (National System 
for Analysis of Non-Communicable Diseases), which 
has the potential to benefit more than 5.7 million 
people by 2030.

•  Gestational Diabetes in Mexico – Lilly is collaborating 
with the Carlos Slim Foundation and the Mexican 
Society for Public Health on a five-year effort 
to improve outcomes for pregnant women with 
gestational diabetes and their babies. Through 
the collaboration, we are working to find a less 
expensive and better way to perform an oral glucose 
tolerance test to screen for gestational diabetes and 
help women who test positive avoid complications 
throughout their pregnancy. The partnership has 
delivered a number of important outcomes, including 
documenting the prevalence of gestational diabetes in 
Mexico – 13% – for the first time at the national level, 
and developing a simpler version of the oral glucose 
tolerance test.

•  Expanding One-Stop-Shop Diabetes Care Model 

across Mexico and Latin America – Lilly is working 
with Clinicas del Azúcar (Sugar Clinics) and MIT on 
a four-year effort to validate and then help expand 
a “one-stop-shop” diabetes care model and related 

53  |  2021 ESG Report

efforts that engage people in improving their health 
over the long term. Through the validation project, 
the efficacy of the model has been proven. Clinicas 
del Azucar plans to significantly expand the number 
of clinics and people served across Mexico in the 
coming years.

•  Training for metabolic diseases management in 
primary care in China – Lilly is collaborating with 
Shanghai Medicine and Development Foundation 
to qualify trainers at provincial level sites, who will 
cascade training to 1,600 primary care level providers 
to improve treatment outcomes for patients with 
metabolic diseases nationwide, especially in resource-
limited areas. Launched in 2021, this partnership is 
expected to improve metabolic outcomes for millions 
of patients by 2030.

Multi-Stakeholder Collaborations to Advance the  
U.N. Sustainable Development Goals

We are members of several multi-stakeholder 
collaborations focused on tackling global health 
challenges including:

•  Access Accelerated – A first-of-its-kind, multi-
stakeholder collaboration focused on improving 
non-communicable disease (NCD) care globally. NCDs 
include cardiovascular diseases, cancer, chronic 
respiratory diseases, diabetes and mental illness

•  NCD Alliance – A global thought leader on policy and 

practice related to NCDs

•  Shared Value Initiative – A global community of 
organizations committed to driving the adoption 
and implementation of shared value strategies 
among leading companies, civil society and 
government organizations

Product Donations

In 2021, Lilly provided more than $3 billion in medicines 
to charitable organizations that offer free Lilly medicines 
to qualifying patients*, including through the efforts 
described below.

•  Life for a Child – Since 2009, Lilly has donated more 
than 3.2 million vials and cartridges of insulin related 
to support of the Life for a Child (LFAC) program. 
LFAC provides diabetes support to children and youth 
with type 1 diabetes in settings with limited resources. 
That support includes insulin, delivery devices, 
monitoring supplies, medical care, diabetes education, 
and complications screening and management. 

In 2021, Life for a Child and Lilly announced plans to 
expand our support of LFAC to increase access to care 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
to approximately 150,000 youth annually over the next 
10 years. To facilitate the expanded support, we will 
increase donations of mealtime and basal insulins 
and reusable pens, as well as financial support for the 
costs associated with arranging, packing and shipping 
to countries in conjunction with Direct Relief.

•  Partnering with Relief Agencies to Increase Access 
to Insulin – As part of Lilly’s commitment to identify 
gaps in the U.S. health care system and find solutions 
to help people with diabetes live healthier lives, we 
announced in early 2020 that we would donate at 
least 200,000 KwikPens® to Direct Relief, Americares 
and Dispensary of Hope to stock insulin at nearly 300 
U.S. free clinics through 2022. These donations will 
directly support people with limited resources living 
with diabetes who qualify for free clinic services. 
Separately, Lilly is donating $2 million to fund grants 
available through two relief organizations: Direct 
Relief and Americares. These agencies will distribute 
grant funds to a wide range of eligible free clinics to 
increase access in underserved communities. Learn 
more about our commitment.

Over the past five years, Lilly has donated more than 
10 million insulin vials and pens to U.S. charitable 
organizations, including Americares, Direct Relief, 
Dispensary of Hope and the Lilly Cares® Foundation.

Patient Assistance Programs

We also work with organizations who provide patient 
assistance programs, including:

•  Lilly Cares® Foundation Patient Assistance 

Program – Lilly donates medications to the Lilly 
Cares Foundation, a separate nonprofit organization. 
Lilly Cares’ Patient Assistance Program provides 
qualifying patients in the U.S. with significant financial 
need prescribed Lilly medications at no cost. In 2021, 
Lilly Cares helped more than 172,000 people obtain 
prescribed medications across the therapeutic areas 
of diabetes, immunology, neuroscience, cancer, pain, 
endocrinology, cardiovascular and bone, muscle and 
joint. Over the past 20 years, Lilly Cares has helped 
more than one million patients with financial need 
receive medicines donated by Lilly.

•  China Primary Health Care Foundation – In China, 

Lilly offers patient assistance programs for oncology 
and osteoporosis patients through the China Primary 
Health Care Foundation. In 2021, more than 5,000 
new patients were registered and more than 20,000 
patients were helped through the foundation’s 
support programs.

*Includes value of Lilly medicines provided to separate charitable 
organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to qualifying 
patients. Products valued at wholesale acquisition cost, or WAC.

Global Health Highlights

47 Million+
people around the 
world use Lilly 
medicines in 2021

$7 Billion+
investments in
 research and 
development in 2021

30 Million
people in resource-limited 
settings who Lilly aims to 
reach, each year, by 2030

$285 Million+
committed to global 
health 2016-20302

3.2 Million
insulin vials and cartridges 
donated for the Life for a 
Child program since 2009

$3 Billion+
in medicines provided to charitable organizations 
that provide free Lilly medicines, including more 
than $250 million in COVID-19 therapies1

1 Includes value of Lilly medicines provided to separate charitable organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to qualifying patients. Products valued at wholesale acquisition cost, or WAC.
2 Includes financial commitments from Lilly and $13.5 million from the Eli Lilly and Company Foundation, a separate nonprofit organization, commonly referred to as the Lilly Foundation. 

1 Includes value of Lilly medicines provided to separate charitable organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to qualifying patients. Products valued at wholesale acquisition cost, or WAC.
2 Includes financial commitments from Lilly and $13.5 million from the Eli Lilly and Company Foundation, a separate nonprofit organization, commonly referred to as the Lilly Foundation. 

54  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyCommunity Engagement

Management Approach
Beyond our medicines, we invest our time, expertise and 
resources to drive social impact. We focus on improving 
health, as well as targeted social issues that affect our 
business, employees and the communities where we 
live and work – with an emphasis on racial justice and 
education. We encourage our employees to volunteer and 
give in ways that advance our purpose and theirs.

Extending Our Community Impact

Beyond our corporate community engagement and 
employee volunteerism, we extend the reach of our 
impact through:

•  Eli Lilly and Company Foundation – Lilly provides 
financial donations to the Eli Lilly and Company 
Foundation, Inc., commonly referred to as the Lilly 
Foundation. Established in 1968, the Lilly Foundation 

is a separate tax-exempt organization that provides 
strategic and philanthropic support to other qualifying 
tax-exempt organizations consistent with Lilly’s 
general philanthropic objectives. Visit Lilly Foundation 
to learn more.

•  Lilly Grant Office – We provide financial support 

to projects that promote excellence in patient care 
and provide valuable information to the medical and 
patient advocacy communities. Visit the Lilly Grant 
Office to learn more

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Corporate Volunteering, Partnering and Giving

 › Disaster Relief

 › Community Engagement Data

55  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyCorporate Volunteering, 
Partnering and Giving

Volunteering

Empowering our diverse workforce  
to give back to our communities

Partnering

Establishing key partnerships  
to extend the reach of our impact

Giving

Raising funds to create lasting change in the 
areas of health, racial justice and education

Volunteering

At Lilly, we actively encourage our employees to 
volunteer. We offer programs that help them serve 
their communities at home and abroad. During the 
COVID-19 pandemic, our employees continued to serve 
their communities, including virtually. We offer many 
opportunities for employees to engage, including:

•  Global Day of Service – Every year, Lilly employees 

worldwide volunteer on a range of projects focused on 
health, education and improving communities around 
the globe. In 2021, more than 7,500 Lilly employees in 

56  |  2021 ESG Report

30 countries participated in Lilly’s 14th annual Global 
Day of Service. In Indianapolis, 4,500 employees 
contributed over 22,000 hours of service to more than 
200 in-person or virtual service projects. Projects 
included career coaching and resume building, 
donating blood, painting murals in support of racial 
justice and other park beautification projects. Since 
it launched in 2008, employees have donated more 
than 1.2 million service hours through Global Day of 
Service initiatives.

•  Connecting Hearts Abroad – Lilly’s global service 

program, Connecting Hearts Abroad, marked 11 years 
of service and social impact in 2021. Since launching, 
more than 1,500 Lilly employees have volunteered 
in 20 countries supporting communities with limited 
resources. Through sustainable programs, Lilly 
volunteers worked alongside marginalized and 
underserved communities and help address access 
and inequities in health care. Due to the continued 
effects of COVID-19, Lilly remained focused on two 
geographic locations while expanding our virtual 
programming with a diverse mix of projects. These 
projects included environmental, public health and 
medical projects in Honduras, as well as continuing 
a cancer advocacy program in Kenya to expand 
support for cancer survivors, patients, caregivers 
and advocates.

•  Connecting Hearts at Home – Beginning in 2015, 

we created an avenue for employees to foster more 
meaningful relationships between Lilly and local 
organizations. The program leverages the skills and 
passion of Lilly employees to further the mission and 
goals of local agencies to help improve outcomes. 
In 2021, there were 56 Connecting Hearts at Home 
partnerships, including our Oncology team pairing 
with Cancer Support Community of Central Indiana, 
our International group pairing with Hawthorne 
Community Center and our Lilly Pride employee 
resource group pairing with Indiana Youth Group.

•  Racial Justice Commitment Volunteer Hours – Lilly 
and the Lilly Foundation launched the Racial Justice 
Commitment in 2020 to help address racial injustices 
and increase opportunities and equity for Black 
Americans. As part of the effort, Lilly committed 
25,000 employee volunteer hours over five years. In 
2021, Lilly employees across the U.S. volunteered 
more than 10,000 hours to support organizations 
and efforts that aim to decrease the burden of racial 
injustice and its effects on communities of color. Learn 
more about the Racial Justice Commitment in the 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion section of this report.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Nonprofit Engagement – As of the end of 2021, 
Lilly employees were involved with more than 
100 nonprofits in Central Indiana through board 
membership and other advisory role participation.

•  New Employee Service Project – New employees 

who go through orientation at Lilly Corporate Center 
have the opportunity to get engaged in a service 
project where they can learn more about how Lilly 
improves lives and communities in Central Indiana 
while networking with fellow new employees. Through 
our partnership with United Way of Central Indiana, 
employees can choose to join a project from one of 
nine United Way agencies that make an impact in our 
community. After completing a project, we encourage 
new employees to stay engaged in the community.

Community Partnerships

In order to expand our reach, we develop key partnerships 
with organizations and groups that align with our vision to 
strengthen communities around the world. Lilly and the 
Lilly Foundation seek out and support organizations that 
have demonstrated results in driving social impact.

In 2021, the Lilly Foundation provided grants to 
improve educational opportunities, make Indianapolis 
a better place to live, and to combat racial injustice 
and inequalities.

Improving Educational Opportunities

The Lilly Foundation aims to advance exceptional and 
equitable K-12 STEM (science, technology, engineering 
and math) education in Central Indiana to increase the 
number of women and minorities pursuing STEM careers. 
2021 Grant highlights include:

•  More than $2.8 million to the Indianapolis Public 
Schools Foundation to accelerate and enhance 
STEM curriculum, enrichment activities and career 
exploration for Indianapolis Public Schools students.

•  $1 million to Teach for America to support the 

organization’s efforts to double the number of Teach 
for America Indy STEM teachers of color in K-12 
by 2025.

•  $100,000 to the Girl Scouts of Central Indiana to 
create a STEM Center of Excellence and provide 
better support of high-quality STEM engagement 
for Girl Scouts and non-Girl Scouts in the 
Indianapolis community.

57  |  2021 ESG Report

Making Indianapolis a Better Place  
to Live

The Lilly Foundation works to make Indianapolis a better 
place to live and work by supporting select community 
development and cultural organizations. 2021 grant 
highlights include:

•  $250,000 to Conner Prairie to support the 

development of a permanent transformational 
museum exhibition and experience that will examine 
African American history.

•  $115,000 to the Benjamin Harrison Presidential Site 
to support its efforts to transform its grounds to be 
more accessible and its inaugural Juneteenth event in 
summer 2022.

Combating Racial Injustice and Inequity

The Racial Justice Commitment, launched by Lilly and 
the Lilly Foundation in 2020, aims to address racial 
injustices and increase opportunities and equity for 
Black Americans.

As part of the effort, the Lilly Foundation pledged $25 
million over five years to support racial equity. In 2021, the 
Lilly Foundation awarded more than $10 million in grants 
to support initiatives and projects to expose, challenge 
and eradicate racial injustice and inequity. 2021 grant 
highlights include:

•  $1,650,000 to the Greater Indianapolis Chamber 
of Commerce Foundation and CICP Foundation in 
support of the Business Equity for Indy Committee 
to address inequities in opportunities for 
Black Americans.

•  $800,000 to Eclectic Soul V.O.I.C.E.S. Corporation 

for the VOICES Community Arts Outreach Programs 
for the Day Reporting Program to support youth and 
their families with obtaining high school equivalence 
preparation and completion, as well as supporting 
the arts to help youth who have been involved in the 
juvenile justice system heal from trauma, grow and 
become economically self-sufficient.

•  $450,000 to the Boys and Girls Club of 

Indianapolis, Inc. to support the Juvenile Detention 
Alternative Initiative

Learn more about the Racial Justice Commitment in the 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion section of this report.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Partnership for Quality Medical Donations – We are a 
charter member of Partnership for Quality Medical 
Donations, a collaboration that brings together 
international medical-product companies and 
humanitarian organizations to advance the quality 
of product donations and create high levels of 
coordination before a disaster strikes, as well as help 
facilitate an effective, efficient response when it does.

•  Diabetes Solution Center – We offer the Lilly Diabetes 
Solution Center to help people with immediate needs 
related to diabetes care, including those impacted 
by disasters and others who may need help affording 
their insulin.

Learn more about how we provide patient’s guidance and 
assistance in disaster preparedness and relief.

Disaster and Humanitarian Relief

•  Ukraine Crisis – As of the publication of this report, 
Lilly has provided more than $7.5 million of diabetes, 
cancer and COVID-19 therapies to Direct Relief and 
Project HOPE for Ukrainians. The Lilly Foundation 
committed $250,000 each to Direct Relief and to 
Americares to support their respective relief efforts 
in the region. The Lilly Foundation is also matching 
eligible Lilly employee donations to all three 
organizations up to an additional $500,000.

•  COVID-19 Pandemic – Lilly provided nearly $250 
million of our COVID-19 therapies to Direct Relief, 
which provides these Lilly medicines free of charge 
to people in low-income and low-middle-income 
countries. Learn more about our global response 
to COVID-19.

•  Haiti Earthquake – In September 2021, we responded 
to the August earthquake in Haiti by donating 2,985 
vials of insulin to Direct Relief.

•  Lebanon Humanitarian Crisis – In November 2021, 
we responded to the crisis in Lebanon by providing 
insulin, mental health products and oncolytics to 
Direct Relief.

* Includes value of Lilly medicines provided to separate 
charitable organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to 
qualifying patients. Amounts are reflective of wholesale 
acquisition cost (WAC) for the applicable product 
(or equivalent).

Giving

Lilly employees and retirees are provided opportunities 
to give to charitable organizations with matching gift 
opportunities through the Lilly Foundation. In 2021, the 
Lilly Foundation matched over $6.5 million in employee 
and retiree contributions. These contributions help 
address complex societal challenges, including in the 
areas of health, racial justice and education.

United Way

For more than a century, we have partnered with what 
is today the United Way of Central Indiana, and we 
partner with more than 400 United Way chapters in 
the communities where we live and work. The Lilly 
Foundation matches employee contributions through the 
Lilly United Way campaign dollar-for-dollar. In 2021, Lilly 
employees, retirees and the Lilly Foundation contributed 
$12.6 million to over 400 United Way chapters. Over the 
history of our relationship, those contributions have 
totaled more than $340 million.

Disaster Relief*
While it’s impossible to prepare for every situation, the 
impact of a disaster may be mitigated with preparation. 
Disasters – whether natural or manmade – can change 
lives in an instant. Lilly works with leading disaster and 
humanitarian relief organizations to provide medicines 
and support people and communities to help them 
recover. These partnerships and initiatives include:

•  Direct Relief – Since 2009, we’ve worked with global 
nonprofit Direct Relief to supply insulin and other 
medicines as part of their Hurricane Prep Packs, 
which are distributed in advance to health centers in 
hurricane zones throughout the U.S., Puerto Rico and 
the U.S. Virgin Islands. We also donated insulin and 
other medicines to Direct Relief’s Strategic Emergency 
Stockpile initiative, which provides medical items that 
are urgently needed following disasters. In 2020, Lilly 
donated $12.9 million in product to support Direct 
Relief’s disaster preparedness initiatives. In 2021, we 
contributed an additional $672,000 worth of product.

•  Healthcare Ready – Lilly provided $225,000 to expand 
Healthcare Ready's Rx Open, an online, interactive 
map of open pharmacies during times of disaster, 
and Rx on the Run, which helps people document 
prescriptions and health care provider information 
in advance of or during a disaster. These Healthcare 
Ready tools help people get access to the information 
and medicines they need in times of disaster.

58  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyCommunity Engagement Data
Community Engagement Highlights

10,000+
employee volunteer hours 
to support our 
Racial Justice 
Commitment in 2021

$10 Million+
in Lilly Foundation 
grants to support 
Racial Justice 
Commitment in 2021

$12.6 Million
donated by Lilly employees 
and the Lilly Foundation 
for more than 400 
United Way chapters

$30.5 Million
cash donations in 2021, 
including $22.7 million 
from the Lilly Foundation

3.2 Million
insulin vials and 
cartridges donated for the 
Life for a Child program 
since 2009

$800 Million+
spent with minority group 
members, women, 
veterans, LGBTQ+ and 
small businesses in 2021

59  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyDiversity, Equity and Inclusion

Management Approach
At Lilly, we believe in the power of diversity, equity and 
inclusion (DEI) to fulfill our purpose of creating medicines 
that make life better for people around the world. At our 
core, we know that by leveraging the varied backgrounds 
of our more than 35,000 employees – and by driving 
actionable and measurable strategies to improve DEI, 
including diversity within our clinical trials – we can 
better deliver scientific breakthroughs.

We are committed to fairness and nondiscrimination in 
our employment practices, and we deeply value diverse 
backgrounds, skills and global perspectives. Our long-
standing values of integrity, excellence and respect for 
people foster an environment where team members are 
encouraged to speak up, share ideas and be fully engaged 
in our work while bringing their full authentic selves to 
work every day.

Lilly people have different experiences, perspectives 
and traditions, and we are committed to welcoming, 
respecting and valuing those differences. Because 
people are one of our priorities, we treat DEI like any 
other priority business objective. We set strategy, goals 
and metrics to drive progress on attracting, developing, 
promoting and retaining a diverse workforce. We take a 

60  |  2021 ESG Report

data-driven approach to DEI so that our business and 
employee base better reflect the world around us.

Over the past seven years, we have conducted in-depth 
employee research that has yielded important insights 
into employee-reported experiences. The research 
uncovered factors that employees say significantly 
influence their ability to contribute to their fullest 
potential. Our Employee Journeys research (explained 
further below) has led to a multifaceted People Strategy 
and companywide changes to improve our culture 
for everyone. Our People Strategy prioritizes DEI and 
enhances the employee experience to deliver on our 
employee value proposition, “Be part of a team that cares 
about you and our shared purpose to make life better.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Leadership Commitment

 › DEI Progress

 › DEI Programs and Activities

 › Employee Resource Groups at Lilly

 › Diversity-Driven Talent Acquisition

 › Clinical Trial Diversity

 › Racial Justice Commitment

 › DEI Data

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyresources and diversity, a member of our Executive 
Committee, reports directly to our chair and CEO and 
is ultimately accountable for DEI at Lilly. Our chief DEI 
officer is a vice president reporting to the senior vice 
president for human resources and diversity and is also 
responsible for leading our talent management functions. 
This allows us to fully embed DEI into how we recruit, 
develop, promote and retain talent. Our head of DEI 
is an associate vice president who reports to the chief 
DEI officer.

•  Clarity of purpose and expectations for everyone – 

The Red Book, our code of business conduct, 
summarizes our approach to creating an inclusive, 
nondiscriminatory environment.

•  Data to inform and measure – We began setting 

aspirational goals in 2017 as part of our commitment 
to increase the number of women in management 
globally and minority group members (MGMs) in U.S. 
management roles. We also established recruiting 
aspirational goals to improve the diversity of our new 
hires. In 2021, Lilly expanded its aspirational goals to 
include employees on our research career path and 
the upper levels of our professional career path. Once 
aspirational goals are set, we monitor our progress 
over time to inform our approach and report progress 
to our global workforce.

Senior leaders have long coached, mentored and 
sponsored employees to become future Lilly business 
leaders. In 2021, formal sponsorship efforts continued 
and expanded through new efforts in functional areas 
and employee resource groups. Sponsorship efforts have 
grown, and there were more than 300 one-to-one formal 
sponsorship relationships in 2021 with a continued focus 
on women and U.S. MGM talent.

DEI Progress
Building a more inclusive culture requires sustained 
focus and action and the holistic integration of DEI into 
our entire business. Leaders at Lilly are expected to 
lead more inclusively by valuing differences, recognizing 
and overcoming bias and fostering a speak-up culture 
where all colleagues feel their ideas and contributions 
are welcome and valued. We gauge employee feedback 
through surveys and other mechanisms and hold leaders 
accountable for progress.

People Strategy

People Strategy

Improve leadership, 
our people systems and our culture

Employee 
Journeys

Explore
Your Career

Leadership
Programs

Make it Safe
to Thrive

Sponsorship
Programs

Employee 
Resource 
Groups

Recruiting 
Aspirational 
Goals

Additional People Strategy goals include:

•  Acquire, develop, engage and retain diverse talent

•  Foster Lilly culture

•  Build leadership excellence

•  Enable critical capabilities

•  Embed diversity, equity and inclusion across Lilly

Our commitment to DEI extends beyond our employees 
and into our broader business, including patient 
safety, clinical trials, access to and development of our 
medicines, and improving the diversity of our suppliers 
and partners.

Leadership Commitment
Diversity, equity and inclusion at Lilly includes high-level 
governance, purposeful corporate culture and ongoing 
data analyses to inform our approach. Our CEO and 
Executive Committee consistently set expectations for 
inclusive leadership and hold leaders accountable for 
building diverse and inclusive teams. All executive officers 
have DEI goals included in their annual performance and 
compensation reviews.

In 2021, our executive leadership further integrated 
DEI within our human resources talent management 
organization. Lilly’s senior vice president for human 

61  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur commitment to DEI is a core component of how we 
do business. Here are some examples of how this work is 
making a difference:

DEI Highlights

DEI Highlights

Women in management roles globally

MGMs in U.S. management positions

2017
41%

2021
48%

2017
16%

2021
24%

51%

Women across 
our workforce 
globally

33%

of Lilly’s Executive 
Committee are 
women1

1 As of February 25, 2022

1 As of February 25, 2022

•  Management-level aspirational goals: Between the 
end of 2017 and the end of 2021 the percentage of 
women in management positions globally increased 
from 41% to 48%. Representation of MGMs in U.S. 
management positions also increased during this 
time, from 16% at the end of 2017 to 24% at the end 
of 2021.

• 

In 2021, we increased representation of women across 
our workforce globally to 51%.

•  Subsequent to the workforce data below, and as part 
of our board refreshment process, as of May 15, 2022, 
the company’s board composition changed to include 
five women and six MGMs on our 13-member board 
of directors.

DEI Programs and Activities
Employee Journeys

We believe that fostering DEI begins with understanding, 
and we have approached DEI with the same rigor as 
our other business-critical priorities. Our Employee 
Journeys research has yielded important insights about 
the experiences of women, Black/African American, 
Latinx, Asian and LGBTQ+ employees at Lilly. In response 
to insights from our Employee Journeys research, we 
developed, among other programs, an education and 
awareness program to help build cultural literacy and 
understanding about expectations for employees to feel 
psychologically safe at work.

62  |  2021 ESG Report

More than 3,500 leaders and 13,000 employees have 
participated in required training to gain greater awareness 
of how unconscious bias and microaggressions can 
potentially harm team cohesiveness and hurt employee 
engagement. Our Employee Journeys research has 
also resulted in growing energy around DEI, with a 
companywide network of DEI champions, initiatives 
and teams across business areas – and an expanding 
appreciation of the value of different perspectives. The 
results of this research are reviewed by our senior leaders, 
and we deploy actions and activities in response to these 
insights to improve our workplace culture.

We recognize that there is more work to do, but these 
initiatives are making an impact. In our 2021 employee 
Pulse surveys, we saw continued progress on key 
questions related to inclusion such as "My work group 
has a climate in which diverse perspectives are valued" 
and "My management is open to different ideas and 
perspectives regardless of who or where they came 
from." Additionally, we plan to expand our Employee 
Journeys work in the coming years to include other 
underrepresented groups such as our employees 
with disabilities.

Supporting Diverse Employees

Our Employee Journeys research also helps to inform 
our efforts to support diverse employees. These efforts 
are focused on understanding and supporting diverse 
employees, giving them the opportunity to grow, advance 
and lead.

•  Explore Your Career – We have continued our 

global rollout of Explore Your Career, expanding this 
framework of tools and resources for our employees. 
Explore Your Career ensures broader access for all 
employees to tools that aid in career development and 
advancement. Participation rates have been strong 
globally, including robust participation from MGMs.

•  Disability and Accessibility – Lilly is committed to 

supporting employees around the world who work and 
live with disabilities. In 2019, we established a Global 
Disability Council with an initial focus on accessibility. 
We now have task forces and detailed action plans 
to improve accessibility in priority areas such as 
learning and development, facilities, digital tools and 
making internal communications and externally facing 
websites more accessible. In 2021, we signed the 
Business Disability Forum’s Accessible Technology 
Charter and launched Access Lilly Software Solutions, 
providing guidance, tools and resources to help 
employees with disabilities thrive.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  AccessLilly: Learning & Development – The 

universally accessible, online programming we have 
introduced makes it more user friendly for everyone 
to use Lilly’s learning and development offerings. 
We continue to update design standards for training 
courses to improve accessibility for people with 
disabilities or other access needs globally. Examples 
include ensuring that courses are compatible with 
assistive technologies such as screen readers for 
employees with visual impairment and providing 
transcripts for individuals with hearing impairments. 
Across Lilly, we intentionally design learning 
experiences and other communications technologies 
to be more inclusive and effective for everyone.

•  AccessLilly: Facilities – We undertook a variety of 
activities to enhance accessibility in our facilities 
globally, including benchmarking best practices and 
approaches for improving technology and building 
navigation. We conducted accessibility assessments at 
sites in the UK, Ireland and Italy and are investing to 
improve accessibility for our employees and guests.

•  AccessLilly: Information Systems – We’ve 

incorporated universal design standards in our 
guidance for the development of externally facing 
websites and are updating internal websites as well. 
We’ve also begun requiring captions for internal 
videos and virtual meetings.

•  Unconscious Bias – We continue to offer a conscious 

inclusion program at Lilly, developed to help 
employees identify and overcome unconscious biases. 
Launched in 2017, the program is instructor-led and 
available on request.

•  Leadership Programs – We've also introduced 

several signature programs to help develop top talent 
from diverse backgrounds. For example, in 2018, we 
introduced Emerge, a three-day program led by our 
CEO that is designed to develop underrepresented 
talent at Lilly. Four cohorts comprising Black/African 
American women, Latinx and Asian women, MGM 
men and LGBTQ+ employees have participated in this 
enterprise-level program since its inception. Lilly also 
offers established leadership development programs 
for women and early career multicultural talent, as 
well as leaders at all levels.

63  |  2021 ESG Report

Promoting Cultural Literacy and 
Psychological Safety

In response to insights from our Employee Journeys 
research, we developed Make it Safe to Thrive, an 
education and awareness program to build cultural 
literacy and an understanding about expectations for 
employees to feel psychologically safe at work.

We emphasize that all people, whether from majority 
or minority groups, can fully share their diverse ideas, 
experiences, knowledge and insights only when they feel 
safe from bias and stereotypes.

We also launched the online version of the Make it Safe 
to Thrive training, which is required for all U.S.-based 
employees and available to all employees worldwide. 
Feedback on the program has been positive and we 
updated the program in 2021 to respond to evolving 
challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic, divisiveness 
in the world and issues of racial justice and equity.

Our Global Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Office also 
developed a new 12-part webinar series called Make 
it Safe to Thrive: Bringing the Outside IN. Through a 
series of lunch-and-learns in partnership with external 
DEI experts, the webinar series provided insights on the 
disparate employee experiences with COVID-19, access 
to health care and other topics that impact our diverse 
communities. The series helped build understanding 
across the company and offered support, resources and 
strategies to combat inequities in our communities. More 
than 16,000 employees attended the webinar series, and 
due to its success, a new series is planned for 2022.

Supporting DEI Goals through 
Technology Transformation

Lilly's Human Capital Management ("HCM") 
Transformation is also core to DEI and a key component 
of our People Strategy aimed at modernizing HR 
technology, processes and service delivery to enhance 
employee experience and help drive critical outcomes 
for the business. Improving our operational foundations 
support our company objectives by streamlining work, 
enabling leaders and increasing employee engagement.

From a technology perspective, we invested in a 
comprehensive, cloud-based human capital management 
software to replace our existing global HR information 
system as well as hundreds of other local HR systems 
around the world. The HCM Transformation emphasized 
standardization, increased transparency, self-service and 
data-driven decision-making.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencySupporting Lilly’s DEI objectives was one of our key 
requirements in selecting the new technology. Specific 
process changes include:

•  Elimination of lead candidates in our internal job-
posting process to drive more robust and diverse 
candidate pools and support equity for all

•  Ability for employees to formally designate interest in 

specific job profiles

•  Shift to competitive staffing (rather than succession 

planning) for many positions to drive more robust and 
diverse candidate pools

•  More standardized onboarding experience, including 

the ability to assign peer coaches and mentors

•  More standard expectations of manager 

responsibilities across the business areas and greater 
manager visibility and ownership of talent data and 
organizational management activities

•  Ability for employees to easily self-identify at any time 
in the areas of gender, race, ethnicity, veteran status, 
disability, sexual orientation and gender identity

Employee Resource Groups 
at Lilly
Employee resource groups (ERGs) are another important 
component of developing talent at Lilly. Our ERGs 
represent groups including women, MGMs, LGBTQ+ 
individuals, veterans and people with disabilities. ERGs 
offer our diverse workforce opportunities to build 
relationships, engage with senior leaders, advance 
our caring community, and offer unique insights and 
perspectives to improve our business.

More than 6,000 employees worldwide belong to one 
or more of our Lilly ERGs. Many geographies also have 
local organizations and U.S. and international ERGs 
work together wherever possible. In the U.S., most of 
our 11 headquarter-based ERGs also have associated 
field-based organizations. Ally organizations within Lilly 
are especially active in supporting women and LGBTQ+ 
employees at our company. Members of our Executive 
Committee provide executive sponsorship for each ERG.

Anyone from any background can join any ERG or ally group.

64  |  2021 ESG Report

Employee Resource Groups

Employee Resource Groups

U.S. Based

Africa, Middle East and Central Asia Network (AMECA)

Black Employees at Lilly (BE@Lilly)

Chinese Culture Network (CCN)

EnAble US 

Early Career Professionals (ECP)

Pride

Japan International Leadership Network (JILN)

Lilly India Network (LIN)

Organization of Latinx at Lilly (OLA) 

Veterans Leadership Network (VLN)

Women’s Initiative for Leading at Lilly (WILL) 

International

International EnAble

Gen-L 

International LGBTQ+ Allies

Gender Inclusion Network-Women’s Initiative [GIN WILL] 

2021 Highlights of Employee  
Resource Groups

•  Africa, Middle East and Central Asia Network 

(AMECA) – In collaboration with Lilly India Network 
and Chinese Culture Network, AMECA sponsored 
Lilly’s Asian American Heritage Month with several 
events for networking, connecting and sharing their 
cultures. AMECA collaborated with other Asian 
employee groups to host listening labs to create 
awareness of and identify solutions to address the rise 
of violence against Asians.

•  Black Employees at Lilly (BE@Lilly) – BE@Lilly 

hosted several events to create awareness and take 
action to address issues that impact Black employees 
and their communities. These events included a 
COVID-19 vaccine awareness webinar to educate 
on the disproportionate effect of COVID-19 on Black 
employees and other minority groups, and the Lilly 
Day of Solidarity II to renew Lilly’s commitment to 
racial justice, including a 2:1 giving match from the 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyLilly Foundation with proceeds going to the NAACP 
Legal Defense and Educational Fund. BE@Lilly 
conducted professional development programs with a 
focus on female emerging talent, mentoring circles to 
help build diverse networks and peer connections, and 
Field Integration Team programming to address the 
needs of Black employees who work remotely across 
the United States.

•  Chinese Culture Network (CCN) – CCN continued 
to increase awareness of and help find solutions 
to address the Asian employee experience. CCN 
sponsored its annual Expert to Leader Summit on 
cross-cultural leadership and mentoring. CCN grew 
to more than 1,000 members in 2021 and continues 
to grow with the integration of chapters at Lilly sites 
in New York, New Jersey, Philadelphia and San Diego. 
The CCN annual Lunar New Year Gala event drew 
more than 2,000 attendees.

•  EnAbleUS and International EnAble – These 

organizations represent the interests of global 
employees with disabilities and provide them with 
support and resources on global accessibility 
behaviors and technology. Lilly was one of the first 
biopharmaceutical companies to join The Valuable 
500, a global movement to put disabilities on the 
business leadership agenda. EnAbleUS implemented 
an enterprise-wide initiative called AccessLilly 
that drives accessibility improvements and greater 
productivity through digital tools, communications, 
facilities and learning and development. As part 
of AccessLilly, the Removing Barriers podcast was 
launched to educate employees and leaders on 
topics important to employees with disabilities. The 
Accessibility Champions Community was formed and 
has more than 120 trained champions to help create 
an environment of allyship and disability-confident 
employees. This year, Lilly joined other organizations 
and signed the Business Disability Forum Charter, 
where we pledged to ensure people living with a 
disability or who acquire a disability can apply for 
jobs, be employed and do business with Lilly. We also 
received the Zero Project Award, which is awarded 
to organizations demonstrating exceptional work to 
improve accessibility.

•  Early Career Professionals (ECP) – ECP focuses on 

creating an inclusive culture where those new to Lilly 
feel connected, engaged and equipped to succeed 
professionally. All employees are welcomed to 
advance this mission.

•  Gen-L – Gen-L focuses on serving employees outside 
of the U.S. at all stages throughout their career at Lilly 
and supporting a richer, more inclusive workplace 
for all. This ERG impacts the business by creating an 

65  |  2021 ESG Report

environment where employees of all generations feel 
connected, engaged and equipped to succeed.

•  Pride – In 2021, Pride – in partnership with the 

Diversity Equity Inclusion Office, International Pride, 
Corporate Pride and Field Pride – supported the 
continuation of the LGBTQ+ Employee Journeys. The 
group conducted an innovation lab to brainstorm 
solutions around the LGBTQ+ “moments of truth” 
identified from the Employee Journeys research. Pride 
also hosted several well-attended events, including 
the Pride Summit and Ally Live events, to strategically 
drive LBGTQ+ engagement, increase allyship and 
educate employees on topics important to the LGBTQ+ 
community. Pride helped support the introduction 
of technology that allows employees in the U.S. and 
Puerto Rico to self-select both their sexual orientation 
and gender identity to better reflect and represent 
these dimensions of difference and added optional 
pronoun selection for employee profiles.

International LGBTQ+ Allies – This group is a part of 
Lilly’s Pride network and promotes equal experience, 
treatment and safety for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, 
Transgender and Queer or Questioning people 
everywhere Lilly operates. The scope includes all 
countries outside of the U.S., and the group works to 
enable LGBTQ+ people to bring their authentic selves 
to work and to help them feel valued and included 
everywhere in the world. This ERG has worked to 
expand global awareness and education by hosting 
discussions of the LGBTQ+ journey across multiple 
international hubs, launching a podcast about allyship 
and starting an internal Yammer page where allies 
can engage in a safe space to learn and ask questions 
about LGBTQ+ topics.

Japan International Leadership Network (JILN) – 
JILN educates employees and leaders on the value of 
the Japanese market and the capabilities Japanese 
employees bring to the broader Lilly community. In 
2021, JILN hosted an annual Japan Day to focus on the 
growing Japanese market and hosted multiple lunch-
and-learns to create cultural awareness and educate 
employees on how to create an inclusive workplace.

• 

• 

•  Lilly India Network (LIN) – In 2021, LIN hosted Lilly’s 
annual global Diwali celebration with more than 3,000 
attendees. The group also sponsored webinar events 
to bring leaders and employees together to discuss 
topics that impact the global Indian community. LIN 
membership expanded globally last year by partnering 
with the Lilly India affiliate and collaborating with 
Field LIN chapters across the U.S. LIN collaborated 
with CCN, AMECA and the Asian American Field 
Network affinity group to host the Stop the Asian 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyAmerican Pacific Islander Violence event and to 
celebrate Asian Pacific American Heritage Month.

•  Organization of Latinx at Lilly (OLA) – In 2021, OLA 
focused on increasing membership and cultural 
literacy by hosting more than 20 events throughout 
the year on topics important to the Latinx community 
including workshops during Hispanic Heritage Month. 
OLA launched talent development programs such 
as mentoring circles and a career accelerator to 
help leaders understand the Latinx culture along 
with Latinx employees’ career aspirations and 
communication needs. Additionally, the Field OLA 
group launched the LatinXperts program to improve 
retention by increasing allyship and mentorship 
through multiple touchpoints with leaders in 
the company.

•  Veterans Leadership Network (VLN) – The VLN 
successfully held events with record attendance 
in 2021. The network continues to partner with 
recruiting and retention efforts to improve veteran 
representation at the company, and to raise awareness 
of the unique set of skills and values that veterans 
can bring to Lilly. VLN hosted its annual Toys for Tots 
drive with collection boxes located throughout our 
Indianapolis campuses and other locations throughout 
the U.S. VLN also hosted a Hoosier Veterans 
and Families Center volunteer event to provide 
landscaping and other services to support homeless 
veterans and hosted interns from the Skill Bridge 
Program to help veterans transition from the military 
to civilian work.

•  Women’s Initiative for Leading at Lilly (WILL) – The 
WILL Ambassador program works to create advocacy 
for gender equity at Lilly by empowering women and 
men through training, networking and mentorship 
to elevate women’s voices and perspectives in the 
business. WILL has more than 2,750 community 
members. WILL hosted more than 25 programs, 
initiatives and events to help understand, develop 
and advance women so they can best thrive and 
contribute to Lilly’s purpose. The group partnered 
with Girls Inc., a community-based organization, 
to raise money to support Women’s Equality 
Awareness Day. In collaboration with its international 
counterpart, the Gender Inclusion Network, WILL 
forged a “Better Together” global approach for greater 
impact, outreach and shared learning, including 
international roadshows and the successful execution 
of a GIN-WILL signature event that included over 
1,600 attendees.

•  GIN WILL International – The Gender Inclusion 

Network-Women’s Initiative Leading at Lilly, known 
as GIN WILL International, sponsored a team 

66  |  2021 ESG Report

of women across global hubs at the Integrating 
Women Leadership Conference that hosts speakers 
to share best practices on how to improve female 
representation in leadership. GIN WILL works 
to establish an international presence to focus 
on allyship through initiatives like the Strategic 
Mentorship Program. This ERG also launched a 
podcast series that featured different Lilly leaders 
and employees around the world sharing experiences 
and learnings on how they are navigating both 
personal and professional challenges during the 
COVID-19 pandemic.

Diversity-Driven  
Talent Acquisition
We believe cultivating diverse talent starts with the 
recruitment and hiring process and continues through the 
learning and development, advancement and retention of 
people with wide-ranging backgrounds and experiences.

Lilly has a history of promoting MGM representation 
in our hiring practices with a focus on continuous 
improvement. In 2018, we began establishing aspirational 
goals for recruiting to increase the representation of 
women and minority groups. In 2021, we set additional 
goals in certain areas for women globally, Black 
Americans, Asian and Latinx, and we are progressing 
toward achieving those goals.

Aspirational goals are important to our overall recruiting 
strategy and progress. At the end of 2021, women 
comprised 51% of our global workforce. Because we have 
achieved gender parity, we no longer have an aspirational 
recruiting goal for women. Maintaining our gains toward 
gender balance remains a key priority and we continue to 
focus on people development and retention.

Each year, we assess whether additional aspirational 
recruiting goals are appropriate.

Our Approach to Diversity in Recruitment 
and Hiring

•  Diversity of Interview Panel and Candidates – Since 
2018, we have offered diverse slates of candidates to 
ensure that leaders look beyond their own perspective 
and cast the widest net for the best talent. In addition, 
we strive to provide diverse interview teams for open 
positions. This way, panels include individuals who 
may value different skills and strengths, leading to 
a more robust candidate calibration discussion. We 
believe a diverse panel improves equity, minimizes 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencygroup favoritism and reduces potential unconscious 
bias – and that candidates are more likely to accept 
an offer when they see diversity among leaders and 
interviewers. Every hiring manager is instructed to 
hire only the best-qualified candidate for each job.

•  Campus Recruiting – Our campus recruiting team 
helps establish the Lilly brand at each of our 
target universities. We build strong interpersonal 
relationships with university leaders, faculty, career 
services and student organizations – including 
veterans and disability offices on campus.

•  Traditional Targeted Recruitment – Targeted 

recruitment is the process by which organizations 
externally recruit and advertise opportunities to 
individuals with certain characteristics through 
various sourcing channels. We partner with 
national and local diversity conferences and a wide 
range of professional associations such as the 
National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE), the 
Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE) 
and National Black MBA Association (NBMBAA) 
and top colleges and universities. This includes 
Hispanic Serving Institutions (HSIs) and Historically 
Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs). (See 
Racial Justice Commitment for more on our work 
with HBCUs.)

•  Non-Traditional Recruiting: Diversity Sourcing –  
Our diversity sourcing efforts help us identify  
non-traditional recruitment opportunities to set Lilly 
apart from our competition. Our programs include 
the Summer Experience Program and Community 
Partners Interview Day to connect diverse talent with 
Lilly opportunities, as early as high school. For certain 
roles, we are working to align better qualification 
criteria to the job, adjusting where appropriate to 
open opportunities for people who have certificates, 
are working on their bachelor’s degree or have 
relevant work experience. We also host community 
partner events to connect with local community 
organizations and key community leaders to help 
recruit diverse talent.

Additional student programs include:

•  Summer Experience Program – This program targets 
diverse students enrolled in college who are in their 
first or second year to give them an opportunity to 
leverage and build professional skills, develop a 
professional network and gain real-world experience.

• 

Information and Digital Solutions High 
School Program – This program targets local 

67  |  2021 ESG Report

underrepresented minority youth to create real-world 
opportunities while exploring and developing their 
interest in information technology.

•  Corporate Intern Program - We provide opportunities 

for students seeking internships and full-time 
positions by actively recruiting at targeted colleges 
and universities across the country. We have 
opportunities for all levels of advanced education, 
including BA, BS, MS, MBA and Ph.D. The corporate 
intern program brings in around 300-350 students 
every year.

Clinical Trial Diversity
Every time someone takes a medicine – even if it’s over 
the counter – they are benefitting from the results of 
a clinical trial, a scientific study where researchers 
apply rigorous testing to ensure that medicine’s safety 
and effectiveness.

Many factors impact how someone will respond to a 
treatment, including their genetic background, ethnicity, 
gender and lifestyle. Because illness, including cancer, 
doesn’t discriminate, diverse participants in clinical trials 
are critical to developing safe and effective medicines 
for everyone.

Unfortunately, minority populations have been historically 
underrepresented in clinical trials. Although minorities 
make up nearly 40% of the U.S. population, they constitute 
less than 20% of participants in the key clinical trials that 
lead to the approval of new medicines, according to a 
2015 study.

Lilly has established clear, measurable goals to increase 
diversity in our trials to better understand how the 
medicines we develop work for the patients who will be 
taking them.

These goals include:

•  Working to enroll trial participants who match the 

composition of the patient population that might use 
the trial’s medicine.

•  Creating a robust clinical trial strategy and reaching 

diverse populations.

• 

• 

Intentionally selecting a diverse range of trial sites 
and investigators.

Increasing diverse representation through 
partnerships and collaboration.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyDecentralized Clinical Trials

Racial Justice Commitment Progress

The global pandemic brought a new layer of complexity 
to clinical trial participation. With the goal of getting new 
medicines for people who need them, Lilly kept moving 
forward to study potential treatments across the portfolio. 
The company began identifying and implementing new 
ways to conduct research studies, and now, the learnings 
from remote clinical research – or decentralization of 
studies – is here to stay.

Time off work, travel to the site and other inconveniences 
of a typical clinical trial schedule can be a significant 
deterrent to patients deciding whether or not to 
participate. Decentralized clinical trials, or DCTs, use 
new services and technology to reduce the barriers some 
patients face. DCTs features include replacing some in-
person appointments with telehealth visits, offering local 
or mobile service providers for things like blood tests or 
imaging scans, and using novel data collection methods 
such as electronic or wearable devices to capture results.

For example, in oncology, our Verzenio adjuvant breast 
cancer study, we’ve made the trial more convenient with 
increased telehealth visits, the ability for patients to use 
local imaging facilities and, in some cases, shipping 
medicine directly to patients.

Lilly is continuing to invest in the expansion and creation 
of new capabilities based on learnings from ongoing 
clinical trials and emerging technology. By engaging 
more patients in research studies through additional 
accessibility and convenience, we expect to increase 
access to potential new treatments and expand the reach 
of clinical trials to people who may not have participated 
in the past, all while maintaining the integrity and quality 
of data generated from clinical trials.

Racial Justice Commitment
We believe Lilly has a responsibility as a major employer 
to act on issues that affect our employees, business 
and communities. Bringing our purpose to life, driving 
change and addressing inequities has always been a part 
of our fabric. After the murder of George Floyd, we felt 
compelled to use our influence to do even more.

In 2020, Lilly and the Lilly Foundation launched the Racial 
Justice Commitment to help decrease the burden of 
racial injustice and its effects on communities of color. 
As part of this effort, Lilly pledged 25,000 volunteer hours 
and the Lilly Foundation committed $25 million over 
five years. The Racial Justice Commitment aims to drive 
change across five areas: internal people development, 
health equity, social impact, diversity partners and family 
sustaining jobs.

68  |  2021 ESG Report

Since launching the effort, we have made 
important progress:

Internal People Development

• 

In October 2020, Lilly pledged to further increase the 
current representation of Black American employees 
from approximately 10% to 13% in our U.S. workforce 
to align more closely with U.S. demographics of 
the patients and communities we serve. This won’t 
happen overnight, and numbers may fluctuate in the 
short-term, but we are accelerating our strategies to 
get there.

•  Lilly is actively developing programs to enable more 
jobs that sustain families for Black Americans and 
individuals from other marginalized communities 
through our Skills First initiative – the goal of which is 
to eliminate the requirement for a bachelor’s degree 
for some jobs at Lilly.

•  Lilly developed a Professional Apprenticeship 

Program, which provides individuals without college 
degrees access to roles at Lilly that they may not 
have had through traditional recruiting means. More 
than 20 people have participated thus far, with larger 
cohorts planned for 2022 and beyond.

•  Lilly developed and launched a new nationally 

registered Department of Labor Craft Apprenticeship 
Program, which will provide skill-based, on-the-
job training for people while they earn a technical 
certification or associates degree at Ivy Tech 
Community College in Indiana. Lilly job roles that 
could be filled through students participating in this 
program include positions at our manufacturing sites 
such as maintenance mechanics, HVAC mechanics, 
instrument technicians and welders.

Health Equity

•  Lilly committed $5 million over five years to Direct 
Relief to establish the Health Equity Fund in the 
U.S. Through this fund, health centers and free and 
charitable clinics, in both urban and rural areas, 
will be offered the opportunity to apply for grants 
from Direct Relief of up to $250,000 annually. Direct 
Relief will make grants aimed at strengthening the 
capacity of these organizations to provide high-
quality, culturally appropriate health care and focus 
on social determinants of health for the underserved 
populations cared for by these organizations.

• 

In 2021, Lilly accelerated its efforts to improve 
diversity in its clinical trials, including for oncology 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyand Alzheimer’s studies using a decentralized clinical 
trial approach.

• 

In 2021, Lilly announced the expansion of our support 
of the Diabetes Impact Project in Indianapolis 
Neighborhoods (DIP-IN), committing an additional 
$5 million to the partnership that includes the Richard 
M. Fairbanks School of Public Health at Indiana 
University and other community partners. Initially 
launched in 2018, the goal of this partnership is to 
drive long-term improvements in diabetes diagnosis 
and care in three Indianapolis neighborhoods where 
residents are predominantly people of color.

Social Impact

• 

In 2021, Lilly employees completed 10,015 hours of 
25,000 volunteer hours pledged over five years by Lilly 
as part of our Racial Justice Commitment.

•  The Lilly Foundation awarded more than $10 million 
in grants in 2021 to combat racial injustice and 
inequity in Indianapolis. Funding to date has 
supported the launch of the Indianapolis Urban 
League Entrepreneurship Center to assist minority 
entrepreneurs with developing, sustaining and 
growing small businesses in Central Indiana and 
surrounding counties. Grants also supported the 
creation of the Business Equity for Indy Committee, 
a joint committee of the Indy Chamber of Commerce 
and the Central Indiana Corporate Partnership.

•  Lilly committed more than $90 million to Black-led 

venture capital firms supporting Black, Latinx, women 
and LGBTQ+ startups. These commitments include 

69  |  2021 ESG Report

an investment in Jumpstart Nova, a Black-owned 
venture capital firm that aims to invest exclusively in 
Black-founded and -led companies at the forefront 
of health care innovation. Additional commitments 
include funding to the Unseen Capital Health Fund, 
which focuses identifying, funding and support 
underrepresented founders of early-stage health 
care companies and those building solutions for 
marginalized communities, and Sixty8 Capital, an 
Indianapolis-based Black-owned venture capital firm.

Diversity Partners

• 

In 2020, Lilly set a goal to double its national 
annualized spend with Black suppliers by 2022. 
Lilly has increased its national spend with Black 
businesses by more than 50% in the past year, and 
we are on track to meet our goal of doubling the 2020 
annualized spend with Black business enterprises in 
2022. To reach this goal, Lilly mentored seven Black 
suppliers through the Lilly Mentor Protégé program, 
participated in an “Elevate Black” matchmaking 
program with Black suppliers in conjunction with 
Diversity Alliance for Science, and will implement 
Supplier Diversity training for employees in early 
2022. Read about our additional progress on 
supplier diversity.

Family Sustaining Jobs

•  Lilly joined OneTen, an organization that will combine 
the power of other committed American companies 
to upskill, hire and promote one million Black 
Americans over the next 10 years into jobs that can 
sustain families, with opportunities for advancement. 
To fulfill our OneTen goals, we launched multiple 
programs aimed at hiring Black Americans and 
underrepresented minorities, including people without 
college degrees.

•  While Lilly previously had a robust recruitment 

pipeline with many Historically Black Colleges and 
Universities (HBCUs), we have expanded our outreach, 
establishing two new recruiting relationships with 
Morehouse School of Medicine and Charles R. Drew 
University of Medicine and Science. For the first time, 
we will be hosting an HBCU Day at Lilly Corporate 
Center in Indianapolis in 2022. Students from six 
HBCUs, where Lilly has not been as active in recruiting 
in the past, will participate.

Visit Lilly’s Racial Justice Commitment webpage for 
more information.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyDEI Data
See our 2021 EEO-1 data.

2021 Data:

Board Diversity Update

Subsequent to the workforce data below, and as part 
of our board refreshment process, as of May 15, 2022, 
the company’s board composition changed to include 
five women and six MGMs on our 13-member board 
of directors.

Workforce Diversity

Workforce Diversity

U.S. Workforce Ethnic Diversity

Minority Group Member (MGM) Employees*

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

28%
27%
27%

23%
22%

Black/African Americans

9%
10%
10%

8%
7%

Other

3%
2%
2%
2%
2%

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2021

2020

2019

2018

* Numbers may not add due to rounding.

* Numbers may not add due to rounding.

70  |  2021 ESG Report

Asians

11%
10%
10%
9%
9%

 Latinx

5%
5%
5%
4%
4%

Minority Group Members 
in Management Positions (U.S.)

24%

22%
22%

19%

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGender Diversity at Lilly

Gender Diversity at Lilly

Women in U.S. Workforce

Women in Global Workforce

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2021

2020

2019

2018

51%
50%
50%
48%
47%

Women on EC Team

33%

43%
43%
43%

2021

2020

2019

2018

2017

2021

2020

2019

2018

2021

2020

2019

2018

50%
50%
50%
49%
49%

Women on Board

31%
31%
31%

36%

Women in Management 
(all M levels)

48%
46%
45%

42%

71  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyU.S Workforce Ethnic Diversity

*numbers may not add due to rounding

Minority Group Members in 
Management Positions (U.S.)

72  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGender Diversity at Lilly

73  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEmployee Well-Being

SASB Disclosures Covered: Employee Recruitment, 
Development & Retention (HC-BP-330a.1; HC-BP-330a.2)

Management Approach
At Lilly, we want our company to be a welcoming place 
that people want to join, and where they can enjoy 
meaningful work, build successful careers and make 
important contributions to society. We offer a competitive 
total rewards program – pay, benefits and learning and 
development opportunities – which is foundational to our 
employee well-being strategy.

We strive to foster a healthy and vibrant work 
environment while also enriching our employees’ 
lives with their families and in their communities. This 
includes keeping our employees safe. We focus on 
creating a company-wide culture where best-in-class 
safety practices are consistently followed. To do this, 

we assess and continuously strive to improve our safety 
performance across the entire enterprise to promote 
the well-being of employees and to help safeguard 
communities where we operate.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Employee Well-Being at Lilly

 › Pay and Benefits

 › Learning and Development

 › Recruiting and Retaining Top Talent

 › Supporting Employees through COVID-19

 › Employee Engagement

 › Employee Safety

74  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Health, above all, includes mental health. In 2021 we 
renewed our focus on mental health through various 
employee communications and events, a dedicated 
mental health clinician, and the introduction of a 
mental health advocacy program. We offered quarterly 
webinars with topics such as Science of Care, Getting 
Better Sleep, Preventing Burnout and Being Purpose 
Driven to help employees and families manage 
stress, anxiety and new challenges they are facing. 
Employees also had the opportunity to learn resilience 
skill-building to manage stressful times through 
mindfulness, meditation and self-compassion. More 
than 200 employees were trained to recognize signs 
of emotional stress through our new Mental Health 
Advocacy training program offered in partnership 
with our EAP provider and our EnAbleUS employee 
resource group. Through scenarios and role-playing, 
employees learned to better discern the difference 
between important, urgent and emergent mental 
health scenarios.

•  New mothers receive maternity leave benefits and 
access to lactation rooms, and new adoptive, foster 
and birth parents and their partners are eligible for 
one of the industry's leading parental leave benefits. 
Our corporate headquarters has two on-site child 
development centers, and we offer back-up care 
options and parenting education opportunities.

•  We promote financial well-being through a variety 

of online financial resources, and we offer individual 
financial counseling on-site or by phone at no out-of-
pocket cost to employees.

•  Since 2011, we have designated all U.S. sites 

as smoke-free.

Many of our benefits are also available to spouses, 
domestic partners and qualified dependents to promote 
well-being for the entire family. Additionally, Lilly affiliate 
sites around the world offer extensive wellness programs 
aimed at providing a holistic approach to employee health, 
safety and well-being.

Employee Well-Being  
at Lilly
We take a broad view of well-being that enables 
employees to live their best life. We strive to foster an 
environment that encourages our exceptional employees 
to feel comfortable being themselves.

We focus on five key areas that guide our companywide 
efforts and investment in supporting well-being: creating 
a healthy workplace, promoting physical wellness and 
behavioral health, improving financial literacy and 
maintaining social connectedness. While local cultures, 
regulations and market dynamics influence offerings in 
each country, our employee well-being strategy is global.

In the U.S., we offer health plan coverage to employees 
and their eligible dependents, and our coverage for 
preventive health services goes well beyond established 
federal health care requirements. Lilly’s myBestLife 
program offers a set of tools and resources to help 
employees better manage their health, as well as 
support them in living a healthier and more active life. 
Efforts to support our employees’ physical and emotional 
health include:

•  At our Indianapolis headquarters, we offer two on-

site medical clinics where employees are encouraged 
to access annual preventive screenings and routine 
lab work.

•  Fitness centers at our Indianapolis headquarters offer 
individual and group exercise and we provide access 
to a national network of more than 10,000 fitness 
centers located across the U.S. at no additional cost to 
our employees and their eligible family members. In 
response to the pandemic, we added a virtual fitness 
benefit so that employees and their eligible family 
members can exercise at home. We also provide 
showers and bike racks for Indianapolis employees 
who commute to work by bicycle.

•  Lilly partners with our food-service vendors to offer a 
wide range of healthy dining choices and snacks, and 
we provide access to a dietitian and frequent fitness 
challenges such as the popular “Maintain Not Gain” 
holiday team competition.

•  We offer an Employee Assistance Program (EAP) – at 
no additional cost – to help with the stresses and 
challenges of life. Employees in the U.S. can talk to 
counselors, lawyers and specialists to help with self-
care and care for their families.

75  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEmployee Well-Being Framework

Global Well-Being Framework

Pay and Benefits
Our pay and benefits programs are designed to attract 
and retain a diverse, highly motivated workforce, while 
reinforcing our care for employees and shared purpose to 
make life better. Lilly’s compensation programs reward 
employee contributions and overall business success, 
and our benefit programs provide the flexibility to meet 
employees where they are in life and support overall 
well-being. We strive to deliver our total rewards with a 
global mindset, differentiating programs only where local 
business needs or markets necessitate.

We are committed to ensuring pay equity for all 
employees. For more than 20 years, we have regularly 
conducted pay equity studies of our workforce in the 
U.S. and have more recently started conducting studies 
of our workforce outside of the U.S. While infrequent, 
we have made pay adjustments as warranted based 
on these analyses. We believe that pay equity is critical 
to our success in supporting a global, diverse and 
inclusive workforce.

76  |  2021 ESG Report

While our rewards programs vary around the world, we 
take a holistic approach to employee benefits. These may 
include flexible work arrangements; on-site conveniences 
such as cafes, fitness centers and child development 
centers; competitive time-off programs including two 
company shutdown periods in the U.S. to encourage 
employees to fully disconnect; retirement benefits 
including pension and retiree health care benefits in some 
countries; and health and disability programs that are 
available to eligible employees when they need support.

We emphasize diversity, equity and inclusion in our 
global benefits programs. We have worked locally with 
our affiliates to remove certain exclusions as a part of 
our commitment to support a global standard of care. 
Examples include eliminating certain barriers to coverage 
for same sex partners, newborn babies, certain sexually 
transmitted diseases, suicide and self-inflicted injury. In 
the U.S., we announced a new partnership with Included 
Health to offer concierge health care navigation to our 
LGBTQ+ community, added a surrogacy benefit and 
expanded adoption benefits, updated fertility benefits to 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyeliminate the need for an infertility diagnosis, enhanced 
gender affirming surgery coverage and modernized the 
definition of family for purposes of time-off benefits.

And we work to cultivate a culture of lifelong learning by 
encouraging employees to seek ongoing education and 
growth experiences to help them build rewarding careers.

We also offer the Inspire employee recognition program 
to reward and recognize employees at Lilly locations 
globally. The program includes supervisor-to-employee, 
peer-to-peer and years-of-service recognition. Employees 
may recognize colleagues and congratulate and support 
coworkers’ successes through the companywide 
recognition feed, providing a consistent and meaningful 
recognition experience for employees around the world.

Learn more about our approach to DEI and how we’re 
working to make employee health care more affordable 
in the U.S.

Learning and Development
We invest in employees’ growth by providing resources 
for career and leadership development. We want every 
individual at Lilly to reach their fullest potential, which is 
why we strive to offer the tools and resources to support 
them on their journey and help them contribute at their 
highest level to fulfill our company’s purpose.

We offer the training our employees need to do their jobs 
in the highly regulated pharmaceutical industry. We also 
provide training about corporate policies, such as those 
contained in our code of business conduct, The Red Book. 

77  |  2021 ESG Report

Lilly’s work encompasses business areas and functions 
across the entire breadth of our value chain – discovery, 
development, manufacturing and marketing. With broad 
technical and support functions, we offer employees 
opportunities to grow and develop their careers across 
areas of interest and geographies. We provide internal 
learning and development programs to help employees 
navigate these opportunities, identify career objectives 
and acquire the right skills.

Learning and Development Programs and Tools

Explore Your Career is Lilly’s global framework and suite 
of resources designed to help employees grow and lead 
every day – and to help retain talent. Explore Your Career 
offers the opportunity for employees to “raise their 
hand” to receive a talent assessment, which provides 
development suggestions for deepening skills and taking 
on new or expanded leadership roles. Explore Your 
Career contains tools and guidance for employees and 
their managers to assess career interests, map career 
plans and develop capabilities. The program will expand 
to additional employees in geographies outside the U.S. 
in 2022.

LillyU, which features the online LinkedIn Learning 
platform, is another opportunity extended to all 
employees. Lilly employees are curious innovators and 
love to learn. LinkedIn Learning courses are taught by 
real-world practitioners around the globe who inspire 
and engage learners in several languages, including 
English, Spanish, German, French, Japanese, Mandarin 
and Brazilian Portuguese. This makes it widely accessible 
to Lilly’s global team of employees. The platform provides 
relevant, up-to-date learning opportunities across 
business, creative and technology topics.

Lilly has prioritized strengthening our data skills and 
capabilities. The Lilly Data and Analytics Institute was 
launched to upskill employees and leaders across 
the company. Through foundational courses, custom 
scenario-based simulations and hands-on tool-based 
programs, Lilly is deepening its culture of data-driven 
decision making and equipping teams to tap more deeply 
into the power of analytics.

Another significant advancement in employee 
development, inclusion and engagement in 2021 was a 
global conference that ran “around the clock” to help 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWe continue to evolve design standards for training 
courses to improve accessibility for people living and 
working with disabilities and other access needs. 
Examples include ensuring courses are compatible 
with assistive technologies such as screen readers 
for employees with visual impairments and providing 
transcripts for individuals with hearing impairments. 
Across Lilly, we intentionally design learning experiences 
and other communications technologies to be 
more inclusive.

Learn more about how we develop diverse talent and 
offer an inclusive workplace.

2021 Learning and Development Data

70 hours

Average of 70 total training hours per employee 
on an annual basis (65 hours technical/compliance-
focused and 5 hours development-focused) 

14,600 employees

More than 14,600 Lilly employees viewed content 
on the LinkedIn Learning platform, and the average 
time per viewer nearly two hours. 

26,230 courses

Employees completed 26,230 courses

Popular content

The most popular content categories in 2021 
included data analytics, inclusion, communication 
and leadership.

all employees learn how to leverage technology to 
build connections across the Lilly enterprise. The event 
demonstrated how to use available tools and resources 
to improve productivity, collaboration, inclusivity and 
well-being – whether employees were working on site 
or remotely.

Effective leadership is a critically important part of a 
thriving organization. We’re expanding our investment 
in leadership development for leaders at all levels of 
the company and across the globe. The aim is to help 
supervisors develop skills and strategies to lead inclusive, 
collaborative and high-performing teams. In addition 
to the online LinkedIn Learning platform available in 
multiple languages, we further expanded our instructor-
led offerings to target leadership development and 
skill-building in 2021. New programs and tools launched 
in 2021 focus primarily on inclusive leadership in a hybrid 
environment. During the pandemic Lilly accelerated its 
leadership development opportunities, and used this 
time to facilitate more global connections. Lilly was able 
to reach more leaders – globally and cross-functionally 
– than in the pre-pandemic timeframe. We continue to 
apply the best of this pandemic-era learning to grow 
leadership skills.

Lilly supports continuing education through several 
programs, including a U.S. tuition assistance program 
available to all employees and sponsored graduate degree 
programs available to a smaller number of individuals. 
In 2022, to make participation easier, Lilly will transition 
the tuition assistance program from an employee 
reimbursement model to a Lilly pre-pay model, while 
also increasing the annual amount of the benefit by more 
than 40%. Lilly also provides training that meets criteria 
for professional re-certifications, such as engineering 
and accounting.

We strive to develop top talent from diverse backgrounds 
through several signature programs. In 2018, we 
introduced Emerge, a three-day program led by our 
CEO that is designed to develop Minority Group Member 
(MGM) talent at Lilly. Four cohorts comprising Black/
African American women, Latinx and Asian women, MGM 
men, and LGBTQ+ employees have participated in this 
enterprise-level program since its inception. Lilly also 
offers established leadership development programs for 
women and early career multicultural talent, as well as 
leaders at all levels.

78  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyRecruiting and Retaining  
Top Talent
We believe cultivating talent begins with the recruitment 
and hiring process and continues through education, 
development and advancement of people with wide-
ranging backgrounds and experiences.

We strive to find the best talent, with a focus on diversity-
driven talent and ensuring that the best candidate is 
hired for each job. Lilly also offers several programs 
where we bring talent in at different points in their career. 
This includes science-related positions in Lilly Research 
Laboratories (LRL) through offerings that include:

•  Accelerated R&D Leadership Program – A two-
year rotation program launched in 2019 to bring 
in MD/MBA and Ph.D./MBA talent from highly 
regarded MBA schools who have the passion to 
lead at the intersection of business and science. 
Christalyn Rhodes shares her story.

•  Postdoctoral scientist program – This initiative aims 
to hire more than 30 postdoctoral scientists by the 
end of 2022. Positions include mentorship by senior 
scientists throughout LRL.

•  Medicines Innovation Hub Talent Development 

Academy – A set of programs focused on scientific 
talent recruitment and development that includes 
early career scientists, potential leaders and 
experienced scientists for rotations within 
the organization.

Through our employee well-being and learning and 
development offerings noted above, we are committed 
to retaining talent. In light of COVID-19 and what is 
commonly called the "Great Resignation," Lilly has 
taken extra steps to help employees find meaning and 
connection in their careers and work.

In 2021 we began the process of further upskilling our 
HR partners to assist in education efforts of employees 
and managers around retention. The Science of Retention 
series focuses on three main areas: the psychology of 
retention and helping employees choose to stay; the 
leading and lagging indicators of retention and what to do 
about each; and how to bolster employee engagement. 
We’ve leaned heavily on a new resource for 2021 called 
the Engagement Conversation Toolkit, which is an easy-
to-use handbook managers can use to conduct frequent 
“stay interviews.” These conversations are meant to 
identify barriers for employee retention that are specific 
to the individual so that the manager can promptly and 

79  |  2021 ESG Report

more effectively address any underlying or ongoing 
circumstances that may be causing challenges for 
the employee.

Explore Your Career, our global learning and development 
framework noted above, helps drive retention through 
extensive career learning and development opportunities. 
Additionally, through our Total Rewards program, we 
are in the process of revisiting and realigning job titles 
and levels within our career paths to provide more 
opportunities for career progression.

In early 2022 we launched Discover, a 12-month new 
employee onboarding program with multiple touchpoints 
designed to foster integration into the Lilly culture, to 
accelerate learning in their new roles and to create 
connections that further a sense of belonging at Lilly. 
Discover was shaped in part by external benchmarking, 
feedback from employees and learnings from onboarding 
remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic.

Attrition Rate

Lilly’s 2021 voluntary attrition rate for 2021 was 8.8%, 
with an involuntary rate of 4.2%, for a total attrition rate 
of 13%. (These data are for full-time employees only, not 
fixed-duration employees.)

Supporting Employees 
through COVID-19
As the world faced the COVID-19 global pandemic, we 
acted quickly to protect both the health of employees and 
our ability to supply medicines to patients. The pandemic 
has forced us to work in new ways, and we are committed 
to supporting one another as we all continue to adapt. 
Most employees transitioned to remote work and were 
offered expanded reimbursement to enable a safe home 
working environment.

Supervisors were encouraged to be more flexible with 
respect to work arrangements and time off in recognition 
of the unique demands of both work and home. We 
developed a manager resource curriculum – including a 
handbook and training – to help supervisors learn how to 
better support employees and lead their teams in a hybrid 
and/or remote environment. For employees whose jobs 
required continued onsite work, Lilly enhanced benefits, 
such as premium pay and meal provisions. In addition, a 
new mobile app, Lilly Passport, was introduced to help 
employees self-screen for COVID-19 symptoms or close 
contact prior to coming to work each day.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyAdditional actions taken to support employees in the 
U.S. included:

Each quarter, 25% of employees are randomly invited to 
participate in the Pulse survey.

•  We expanded our paid time-off programs to allow 
the use of 88 paid hours toward COVID-19 related 
needs, such as childcare due to school closures and 
elder care.

•  Health care benefits were increased to include 

COVID-19 testing and treatment along with expanded 
use of telehealth.

•  Backup childcare programs were expanded to allow up 
to 20 days of care per child, and our two Indianapolis-
based child development centers remain open 
throughout the pandemic.

•  We hosted a socially distanced summer camp program 
to afford working parents greater balance, allowing 
them to focus on work while their children were cared 
for in a safe environment.

•  We supported employees with a suite of enhanced 

family care programs offering access to and discounts 
for sitters, nanny placement services, elder care 
support, homework and tutoring help.

•  We delivered numerous well-being offerings, including 
our signature Week of Well-Being program, which 
was offered globally for the first time, and ongoing 
programming such as Coffee & Conversations 
sessions to support strong mental health, self-care 
and resiliency.

• 

In Indianapolis, where our headquarters is located 
and we are a major employer, we focused on making 
a difference. We joined other companies in offering 
employees with medical expertise time off to help in 
our communities.

•  At the outset of the pandemic, Lilly responded quickly 

to create a COVID-19 diagnostic testing lab and 
began analyzing samples taken in Indiana health 
care facilities in partnership with the Indiana State 
Department of Health. And, with employee volunteers, 
we created a temporary free drive-through COVID-19 
test site for front-line health care workers, first 
responders, essential workers and individuals at high 
risk for complications from COVID-19. Testing was 
later expanded during the peak of the crisis in 2021  
to include employees and their families.

Employee Engagement

Our quarterly employee engagement survey, the Pulse 
survey, has been administered in some form since 1995. 

80  |  2021 ESG Report

Our most recent survey in 2021 asked employees more 
than 80 questions related to meaningful work, rewards 
and recognition, well-being, job satisfaction and retention. 
The Pulse survey evaluates employee perceptions of 
13 different dimensions, including engagement, which 
is a composite dimension of several questions. The 
survey questions were updated in 2019 based on current 
research, business priorities, key-stakeholder input and 
trending benchmarks.

The data are reviewed quarterly by leaders and reports 
are available at the manager levels. The data are 
confidential and reported in aggregate, and individual 
level data is not shared or reported. Reports are created 
based on demographic filters, including level, job function 
and tenure as well as gender, race, ethnicity,  
age and location.

Over the past three years, our response rate has been 
between 60-70%, with more than 21,000 employees 
responding to the survey in 2021. The survey is available 
in 19 languages. During 2021, we also added a Micro-
Pulse survey, which was administered to small, 
randomized groups of 500-1,000 employees, which 
further tested just-in-time concepts, such as preferences 
of working on-site vs. remote, facilities, benefits and 
communication strategies. This continues to be a key 
platform to listen to employees and enable their voices  
to be heard.

2021 Employee Engagement Data

Lilly uses its Pulse survey as one way of measuring 
employee engagement. Global Pulse survey data from 
2021 showed an Overall Engagement Score of 77% and 
an Overall Team Lilly Include score of 81%. The Team 
Lilly Include score comes from a set of questions that 
comprise an inclusion index. For example: “I feel like I 
really belong in this company.” “Overall, there is a free 
exchange of views in my organization; people are not 
afraid to say what they really think.” “I can be myself 
around here.”

2021 Employee Engagement Data

Overall Engagement Score

Overall Team Lilly Include Score

2021

2020

77% 

78%

2021

2020

81% 

80%

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEmployee Safety
Keeping our people safe and healthy, whether at home 
or at work, is a top priority and aligns directly with our 
values. We realize the journey toward excellence in safety 
never ends, and we are constantly evaluating approaches 
to improve our safety programs and integrate injury 
prevention into everyday work.

We focus on creating a companywide culture where best-
in-class safety practices are consistently followed. To do 
this, we assess and continuously strive to improve our 
companywide safety performance to promote the well-
being of employees and to help safeguard communities 
where we operate.

At Lilly, we measure both leading and lagging indicators 
when assessing our overall safety performance. We have 
found that tracking leading – or predictive – indicators, 
such as ergonomic risk, safety culture scores and 
precursors for life-altering and fatality risks, contributes 
greatly to our company safety performance. Using these 
indicators in conjunction with lagging indicators, such as 
our injury rates, we can paint a comprehensive picture of 
the areas that most affect employee safety across Lilly. 
This approach allows us to both influence change where 
needed and track our safety progress in concrete ways 
over time.

Employee Safety Goals

Since we first began setting global safety goals in 2007, 
we have achieved significant improvements in our 
injury and illness rates. We continue to evaluate and 
set challenging employee safety goals to ensure we are 
making improvements in the most impactful areas.

In 2021, Lilly established new safety metrics connected 
to our safety priorities and improving safety culture. 
Our priorities include developing safety leadership 
capabilities, reducing our most significant risks that could 
have life-altering or fatal consequences and managing 
business continuity risks, including those associated with 
process safety management. Additionally, we established 
a new safety goal – to achieve zero severe injuries – with 
a focus on continuous improvement. In 2021, our severe 
injury rate was 0.41 injuries per 500 employees, an 
improvement of approximately 20% from the 2020 rate of 
0.51. We strive to achieve year-over-year improvement 
in this performance as we work toward achieving an 
injury-free workplace.

With an eye on predictive indicators to improve our 
safety performance and culture, we track several leading 
metrics aligned with our priorities:

•  Life-Altering Injury and Fatality Near Miss Rate –  
Near miss events that involve the potential to result  
in a life-altering injury and fatality.

•  Safety Leadership Score – Safety culture score 

calculated from our global employee Pulse surveys.

•  Lab Inspections – Execution of lab inspections in 

Lilly Research Laboratories to help drive leadership 
engagement and identify and mitigate risks.

•  Affiliate Field Safety Discussions – A requirement 

for leaders to engage in driving and ergonomic safety 
discussions with our field-based employees.

We continue to track and report injuries as required by 
local regulations (e.g., OSHA); however, for internally 
tracked injury metrics, we utilize the severe injury rate, 
which is based on the ASTM Standard for Reporting 
Injuries and Illnesses. This metric is applied globally and 
provides insights into our safety program performance. 
We also track the number of process safety deviations in 
our manufacturing sites and the number of life-altering 
injuries and fatalities globally.

Promoting a Culture of Safety at Lilly

We know that to reach our goals for safety performance, 
Lilly must continue to instill and promote a best-in-
class safety culture. We use a well-known model – the 
DuPont™ Bradley Curve™ – to measure our progress. In 
addition, we’ve added safety leadership questions to our 
employee Pulse surveys to support continued efforts to 
improve our safety performance.

In 2021, we advanced several key initiatives including:

• 

Integrating safety culture requirements into our 
internal HSE auditing program.

•  Continuing to drive safety culture improvements 

through the DuPont Sustainable Solutions (DSS) Safety 
Perception Survey (SPS).

•  Expanding our internal safety culture training program 
by implementing Safety Management Fundamentals 
for new leaders across our manufacturing sites.

81  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWorking Safely from Home

During the COVID-19 pandemic, we prioritized employee 
safety and ensured the reliable supply of our medicines to 
the people who need them by shifting many employees to 
remote or home-based work. We increased focus on well-
being and support for employee mental health, and we 
have proactively reduced ergonomic risks for employees 
working at home.

We launched our Ergo Answers@Home program, which 
includes educational resources, links employees to 
ergonomic experts and shares ergonomic success stories. 
Employees working from home can complete an online 
assessment tool to learn how to reduce their ergonomic 
risk, and we provided many employees with home office 
equipment and ergonomic accessories. We continue to 
promote the use of an IT software to prompt employees 
to take pauses and safety breaks based on computer use 
and enable employees and their supervisors to monitor 
their ergonomic risk level.

Life-altering Injury and  
Fatality Elimination

We continue to advance safety efforts and progress at 
Lilly facilities, with a focus on addressing injuries at every 
level, including life altering injuries and fatalities and our 
areas of highest risk.

We are proud of our progress to reduce injuries to 
employees, but we recognize that lower injury rates 
don’t necessarily correlate to fewer life-altering injuries 
and fatalities. Over the last several years, we applied 
more rigor toward the Life-altering Injury and Fatality 
Elimination (LIFE) metric. In 2021, we prioritized global 
cross-functional implementation of training on LIFE 
for employees and processes to identify, investigate 
and mitigate LIFE risks. LIFE near-miss events and key 
learnings are shared broadly through our HSE Alert 
process and data are used to identify and implement 
risk reductions across the organization. We regularly 
benchmark with peer companies to share events and new 
methods for controlling LIFE risks to continuously identify 
opportunities to improve safety.

Achievements of the LIFE team in 2021 include:

•  Upgrading anti-collision technology on powered 
industrial vehicles such as forklifts and riding 
pallet trucks.

•  Launching a LIFE awareness campaign in global 

manufacturing, designed to develop transformational 
leadership safety communications.

82  |  2021 ESG Report

•  Revising our LIFE strategy to emphasize elimination, 
substitution and engineering controls for reducing 
LIFE risks.

• 

Implementing our new Safe Use of Mobile Electronic 
Devices While Driving procedure, including an internal 
awareness campaign called Worth the Wait.

Addressing Our Highest Risks

Our manufacturing sites have adopted engineering 
controls such as automated storage and retrieval 
systems, dock restraint systems, automated guided 
vehicles and anti-collision systems to further minimize 
warehouse risks. A global priority on electrical safety 
has resulted in multiple solutions being implemented 
to reduce potential exposure to our electrical workers, 
including a comprehensive electrical safety assessment 
performed at our global manufacturing sites. Additionally, 
our “live equipment troubleshooting” procedure focuses 
on improving equipment and machine safety. Near-miss 
data are continually collected and shared, and mitigation 
techniques are standardized where appropriate.

Managing Our Process Safety Risks

Some pharmaceutical manufacturing processes 
use hazardous chemicals subject to process safety 
management standards established by the U.S. 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency and EU directives and 
regulations. Over two decades ago, Lilly developed a 
globally integrated process safety management (GIPSM) 
program to manage process safety risks that goes 
beyond regulatory expectations to include chemicals 
not governed by these standards. Process safety 
management aspects are integrated within product 
development and manufacturing processes utilizing 
hazard analysis and risk elimination, procedural and 
training requirements, change management oversight 
and many other controls designed to minimize the risk of 
a catastrophic event.

By maintaining a sustained focus on process safety 
programs and HSE improvements, we have significantly 
reduced the risk posed by the most serious potential 
process safety events. In 2021, we continued to advance 
our process safety management program, including:

•  Developing resources designed to educate newer 
employees in technical roles on historical lessons 
learned from Lilly’s Process Safety program.

•  Completing an external assessment of our GIPSM 
program and developing actions that will continue 
into 2022, focusing on process safety resourcing, 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyforce to the field with an increased emphasis on driving 
without distractions, renewed emphasis on supervisor-led 
safety coaching sessions and continuous improvements 
in country-specific driver safety programs. Our 2021 
global collision rate was 8.6%. This was likely influenced 
by periods of less field activity and drive time during the 
COVID-19 pandemic.

Safe Use of Mobile Electronic Device While 
Driving Procedure

At Lilly, we believe that no one should ever be hurt doing 
their job. The use of mobile electronic devices while 
driving increases the potential for motor vehicle collision 
and personal injury. For this reason, all employees across 
the company are subject to a global procedure that 
prohibits, with limited exceptions for brief and urgent 
scenarios, the use of mobile electronic devices while 
driving any company-owned or leased vehicle, while 
conducting company business driving any vehicle or while 
driving on company property.

Contractor Safety

Lilly’s Global Facilities Delivery organization is 
responsible for the delivery of the major capital 
expenditures for the company at our facilities globally. In 
2021, these capital projects had over 2 million exposure 
hours across approximately 20 different projects. Our 
contractor injury rate (based on OSHA recordkeeping 
criteria) was 0.6 incidents per 100 workers, which is 
significantly lower than the 2020 construction industry 
national average of 2.5 incidents per 100 workers, which 
is the most recent data available from the U.S. Bureau 
of Labor Statistics at the time of this update to our 
ESG Report.

Our safety management system starts with the objective 
of compliance to all regulations in the jurisdictions in 
which we work. However, our approach to safety goes 
beyond compliance with the belief that all accidents are 
preventable. We employ strict qualification criteria for 
contractors before they are awarded work and, once they 
are selected, we require ongoing job-specific training and 
oversight. Throughout all projects, we stress that safety is 
the top priority, before cost and schedule. We emphasize 
job-specific task planning, continuous recognition of 
changing conditions and safety observation reporting.

developing enhanced facility siting engineering 
standards and improving the application of Layers 
of Protection Analysis (LOPA) for higher potential 
consequence scenarios.

•  Expanding key elements of our process safety 
programs into oversight processes for external 
contract manufacturing operations.

• 

Joining the American Chemistry Council’s (ACC’s) 
process safety committee and the European 
Process Safety Center (EPSC) to provide access to 
additional process safety best practices and subject 
matter experts.

Sales and Marketing Motor  
Vehicle Safety

Our sales and marketing employees represent 
approximately 35% of our global workforce. Their 
jobs require them to spend significant time driving, 
exposing them to risks of collisions and injuries that 
are challenging to mitigate. In 2009, we launched a 
motor vehicle safety program as part of our global 
HSEDirections program, designed specifically for Lilly 
employees who are on the road daily visiting physicians, 
hospitals, clinics and other customers. Investing in our 
motor vehicle safety program has resulted in a decrease 
over time in collisions and a significant reduction in motor 
vehicle-related injuries.

Lilly’s vehicle collision rate is calculated using the percent 
of vehicles experiencing a collision. By the end of 2019, we 
had already reduced our vehicle collision rate to our 2020 
goal of no more than 12%. We continued to see further 
reduction in collisions throughout 2020, influenced largely 
by less field activity during the COVID-19 pandemic. In 
2021, we focused on safely returning our global work 

83  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencySafety Performance Data

Severe Injury Categories in 2021

2021 Data

View Lilly’s historical safety measurements and data from 
2015-2020 in our 2020 ESG Report. Additional historical 
data can be found in our reporting archives.

84  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyHuman Rights

Management Approach
One of our long-established core values – respect 
for people – guides us to maintain and uphold an 
environment built on mutual respect, openness and 
individual integrity. This includes our concern for all 
people who touch or are touched by our company – 
patients, customers, employees, shareholders, partners, 
suppliers and communities. Our purpose of making life 
better guides our commitment to ensure employees, 
partners and suppliers uphold our values and respect 
human rights as we work together to improve lives.

Lilly signed on to the United Nations Global Compact 
in 2009 and is committed to the UNGC’s Ten Principles 
on respecting internationally proclaimed human rights, 
labor, environment and anti-corruption.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Ethical Foundation

 › Workplace

 › Supplier Code of Conduct

 › Safeguarding Patients

 › Protecting People’s Privacy

 › Speaking Up

85  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEthical Foundation
Lilly is committed to upholding high standards of 
corporate conduct. We earn the trust and respect of our 
customers, regulators and the general public through 
the manner in which we conduct our business and their 
resulting experiences. We believe in supporting the 
inherent rights of all people, regardless of where they 
were born, where they live, ethnicity, race, gender, sexual 
orientation or disability.

Our code of business conduct – called The Red Book – 
and our policies, compliance management systems, HR 
performance and promotion systems, training programs 
and communications initiatives are designed to work 
together to reinforce a culture of integrity and ethical 
behavior. This commitment to act legally and ethically, 
following both the letter and the spirit of the laws, 
regulations, policies and procedures that govern our 
business, includes various aspects of human rights.

Learn more in Business Ethics.

Workplace
Making life better starts with everyday acts of respect and 
inclusion for all people. We work together to create an 
environment where people feel valued and where they can 
use their diverse backgrounds, experiences, skills and 
perspectives in support of our purpose.

Across our own operations, we support human rights by:

•  Offering fair and competitive employment practices, 

including wages and benefits

86  |  2021 ESG Report

•  Promoting a safe and healthy workplace

•  Fostering a more diverse, equitable and inclusive work 
environment, where discrimination, harassment and 
retaliation are not tolerated

•  Cultivating diverse talent – through the recruitment 
and hiring process, learning and development, and 
the advancement and retention of people with wide-
ranging backgrounds and experiences.

Learn more in Employee Well-Being and Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion. And see our recent recognitions 
that include a perfect score on the Corporate Equality 
Index from the Human Rights Campaign Foundation and 
being named among the World’s Most Ethical Companies 
by Ethisphere.

Lilly’s Support of Workers’ Rights

Lilly fully supports standards that are upheld in U.S. 
law that both adults and children should be free from 
compulsory or coerced labor, and that people should have 
the right to associate freely and bargain collectively.

Forced and Child Labor

Lilly maintains a longstanding practice of complying with 
local minimum age laws and requirements and does not 
employ child labor, or forced or compulsory labor, in any 
of our facilities globally.

Freedom of Association and Right to 
Collective Bargaining

Lilly recognizes the importance of freedom of association 
in the workplace and respects the right of our employees 
to join associations of their own choosing. We interact 
with works councils and unions in several countries, and 
we support these bodies and work productively with them. 
The vast majority of our workers globally are not covered 
under traditional collective bargaining agreements.

In some countries where we operate, governments 
mandate working conditions such as salary increases, 
minimum wages, bonuses, number of weekly working 
hours, vacation time and overtime rates. These vary 
by country, and we follow these mandates wherever 
they apply.

Several of our affiliates have employee councils that 
meet regularly with management to discuss workforce-
related issues that directly impact them, such as company 
policies and organizational changes. As laws and 
guidelines change wherever we operate, we will continue 
to work with employees, advocacy groups and governing 
bodies to maintain compliance and respect the right of 
free association.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur bioethics program is designed to address the 
increasingly complex and fast-paced ethical challenges 
of global pharmaceutical research, development and 
commercialization. Our focus is to protect and advocate 
for the rights and well-being of research participants and 
patients as well as the integrity of the scientific process 
and its applications for health care.

Our bioethics program provides Lilly employees with 
resources including the Lilly Bioethics Framework 
for Human Biomedical Research, position papers on 
major bioethical issues, information on how to request 
a bioethics consultation, and bioethics education and 
training opportunities.

Learn more about our approach to Bioethics.

Supplier Code of Conduct
Our suppliers help us earn and maintain trust and 
respect. We also expect our suppliers to uphold Lilly 
values and standards as outlined in our Supplier Code 
of Conduct. In 2011, we revised our global standards and 
procedures to include specific language about human 
rights, including our expectation that our vendors abide 
by Lilly’s human rights standards.

We rely on our suppliers and contract manufacturing 
operations to ensure the ongoing availability of our 
medicines. As our manufacturing base has grown, we’ve 
taken significant steps designed to reduce our exposure 
to risks inherent in managing a global supply chain.

We continue to strengthen efforts to monitor our supply 
chain for quality and health, safety and environmental 
(HSE) risks. We have taken steps to educate and engage 
our suppliers directly on HSE issues and to help them 
build expertise around HSE topics. This includes our 
ongoing work as part of the Pharmaceutical Supply 
Chain Initiative (PSCI), which helps outline what the 
pharmaceutical industry expects from its supply chain. 
Lilly was an inaugural member of PSCI, which created 
and maintains the Pharmaceutical Industry Principles for 
Responsible Supply Chain Management. These principles 
address five areas of supplier performance standards: 
ethics, labor, health and safety, environment and 
management systems. Lilly’s Supplier Code of Conduct 
reflects the PSCI principles.

We require that our suppliers source materials 
responsibly and abstain from procuring materials from 
conflict areas or sources including the Democratic 
Republic of Congo.

See Supply Chain Management to learn more.

Clinical Trials

Safeguarding Patients
From early discovery through drug development, as well 
as while a product is on the market, Lilly works to ensure 
the safety and effectiveness of our medicines. Our R&D 
efforts and clinical trials are developed and administered 
in ways that support our commitment to human rights.

Bioethics

We conduct Lilly clinical research and development 
activities consistent with bioethics principles and sound 
scientific methodologies, focusing on the safety and well-
being of research participants.

Lilly was one of the first pharmaceutical companies 
to establish a standing bioethics committee in 1999. 

One of the primary responsibilities of Lilly researchers 
and the medical professionals who conduct our clinical 
trials is the safety of study participants. Participant safety 
and well-being is monitored throughout each clinical 
trial. In addition, Ethics Review Boards, a team of people 
independent from the research, review every clinical trial 
to ensure appropriate steps are taken to protect the rights 
and welfare of participants before enrollment, and they 
maintain independent oversight over each clinical trial 
throughout its duration. Learn more in Patient Safety.

We believe diverse representation in clinical trials is 
critical and helps our researchers ensure we develop 
medicines that can be as effective as possible for 
the patients who use them. Many factors impact how 
someone will respond to a treatment, including their 
genetic background, ethnicity, gender and lifestyle, so it’s 
important to enroll a diverse range of people in clinical 

87  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencySpeaking Up
We don’t compromise on issues of integrity. Lilly policy 
encourages all employees and our suppliers to report 
known or suspected issues, concerns or behavior that 
could harm Lilly or those we serve. We foster a culture 
where all individuals are empowered to speak up and 
engage with management to identify and implement 
appropriate continuous improvement.

We recognize that speaking up, even if anonymously, is 
our right and our responsibility, and that taking no action 
when action is warranted can have serious consequences. 
We encourage employees and suppliers to share concerns 
openly and honestly – including on issues of human rights 
– knowing that Lilly will not tolerate acts of retaliation 
for reporting inappropriate conduct, preventing unlawful 
practices or participating in an investigation.

Learn more about our approach to Business Ethics.

trials for our medicines. Learn more about how we 
approach diversity in our trials.

Lilly applies a single global standard to the conduct of 
medical trials involving human subjects. This standard 
is based on well-respected ethics guidance and other 
requirements including:

•  The World Medical Association’s Declaration 

of Helsinki

•  The Council for International Organizations of Medical 

Sciences’ International Ethical Guidelines for 
Biomedical Research Involving Human Subjects

•  The International Conference on Harmonisation’s 

Guideline for Good Clinical Practice

•  The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of 
America’s Principles on Conduct of Clinical Trials

•  Applicable laws and regulations of the country or 

countries in which a study is conducted.

Lilly conducts clinical studies in countries or communities 
in which the benefits of research can be made reasonably 
available for research participants and the host country or 
community. Learn more about our approach to continued 
access to investigational medicine and multinational 
clinical studies.

Protecting People’s Privacy
Lilly is committed to the ethical management of all 
personal information whether it is that of a customer, an 
employee or any other individual. Our privacy program 
reflects our commitment to being open and honest about 
how we collect, manage, use and disclose personal 
information, and we’re intentional about protecting it. 
We take reasonable precautions to protect personal 
information against loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized 
access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.

Learn more about how Lilly respects privacy.

88  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyPatient Safety

SASB Disclosures Covered:

Safety of Clinical Trial Participants (HC-BP-210a.1);

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Global Patient Safety

Counterfeit Drugs (HC-BP-260a.1, HC-BP-260a.2)

 › Safety of Clinical Trial Patients

 › Upholding Product Quality

 › Preventing Counterfeit Medicines

Patient Safety  
Management Approach
From early discovery through drug development, as well 
as while a product is on the market, Lilly works to ensure 
the safety and effectiveness of our medicines.

The safety and integrity of our products begins with the 
procurement of materials and extends throughout the 
production process. This includes strong Health, Safety 
and the Environment (HSE) practices with suppliers who 
provide us with materials for research and development, 
as well as with the contract manufacturers who make 
our medicines and other pharmaceutical products. We 
continue to work to stem the tide of counterfeit medicines 
and we partner with other organizations aligned with 
upholding patient safety and deterring counterfeiting.

89  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGlobal Patient Safety
Beginning with the discovery of a potential new medicine, 
and for as long as it is available to patients, our goal is 
to ensure that the benefits and risks of a medication 
are continuously monitored and well-understood by 
regulators, health care providers and patients.

Our Global Patient Safety organization, consisting of 
more than 300 physicians, pharmacists, nurses and 
other healthcare professionals is dedicated to the 
collection, monitoring, evaluation and reporting of 
safety information. Lilly collects adverse event reports 
and other safety information from around the world in 
an adverse event database and new safety findings are 
communicated to patients, health care professionals 
and regulators. In addition, Lilly Global Patient Safety 
physicians partner with Global Manufacturing and Global 
Quality colleagues to ensure the safety of our medicines 
through the evaluation of manufacturing specifications, 
manufacturing changes and deviations.

Lilly’s Global Patient Safety organization also maintains 
a robust system to monitor and ensure our devices are 
acceptably safe and effective from development to end of 
life cycle. 

Read additional information about our patient 
safety efforts.

Reliable Product Availability

The mission of our Global Manufacturing organization 
is to provide a reliable supply of high-quality medicines. 
Because we manufacture medicines that people rely 
upon and that can be critical for health, we know that we 
have a responsibility to safeguard the materials needed 
to manufacture these medicines and the supply chain 
logistics that help ensure their availability.

Our Manufacturing Policy Committee oversees the 
maintenance of Lilly’s inventory of essential raw 
materials. Before these materials are received by Lilly, 
our raw material and component suppliers are evaluated 
for technical competence and their ability to provide high-
quality, efficacious raw materials. Learn more about our 
third-party risk management.

As an additional safeguard, we have mitigation plans 
in place for our drug product components, which 
include the active pharmaceutical ingredient and 
all other components used to manufacture finished 
drug products. Our manufacturing, packaging and 
distribution capabilities also help safeguard the supply 
of Lilly medicines and our ability to provide safe and 
effective finished drug products, or the final packaged 

90  |  2021 ESG Report

medicines, to patients and health care providers. Our 
product serialization solution, first implemented in the 
U.S. in 2018, and with ongoing implementation in other 
countries, adds an additional level of security to our 
distributed products.

Safety of Clinical  
Trial Patients
We work to find new and improved medicines through 
rigorous research, including clinical trials. We believe 
diverse representation in clinical trials is critical and 
helps our researchers ensure we develop medicines that 
can be as effective as possible for the patients who use 
them. Many factors impact how someone will respond to 
a treatment, including their genetic background, ethnicity, 
gender and lifestyle, so it’s important to enroll a diverse 
range of people in clinical trials for our medicines. Learn 
more about how we approach diversity in our trials.

One of the primary responsibilities of Lilly researchers 
and the medical professionals who conduct our clinical 
trials is the safety of study participants. Participant safety 
and well-being is monitored throughout each clinical 
trial. In addition, Ethics Review Boards (ERBs), a team 
of people independent from the research, review every 
clinical trial to ensure appropriate steps are taken to 
protect the rights and welfare of participants before 
enrollment, and they maintain independent oversight over 
each clinical trial throughout its duration.

Before enrolling in a clinical trial, participants are given 
information about the study through a process called 
informed consent, which continues throughout the 
duration of the study. The informed consent document 
describes the study’s purpose, length, procedures, risks 
and benefits, and other information that all participants 
should know. This document is not a contract, and 
participants may withdraw from a study at any time, for 
any reason.

Lilly sponsors clinical trials but relies on a variety of 
partners to conduct the trials. In addition to the medical 
professionals at research sites – called clinical trial 
investigators – we partner with service providers, 
technology providers, research monitors and other 
providers, as needed, to effectively conduct our research. 
These partnerships are essential for appropriate 
oversight. For example, research monitors work with 
investigator sites to validate and confirm clinical trial 
data, and technology providers deliver items such 
as electronic trial diaries or digital devices to collect 
biomarker data (for example, pulse, breathing rate, body 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyoversight, collaborating with colleagues in R&D and 
manufacturing to comply with applicable regulatory and 
internal standards and controls.

Global Quality manages and updates the Lilly Quality 
System, an integrated system of standards, business 
processes, organizational controls and oversight designed 
to help assure high-quality medicines are delivered to 
patients. The Lilly Quality System, which also includes 
sales and marketing activities for the U.S., maintains 
standards that support delivering balanced, objective, 
substantiated and current information to our customers. 
The Lilly Quality System, supports and reinforces the 
Lilly values and our commitment to operating ethically 
and responsibly. We work to create an environment 
where employees are empowered to speak up and share 
concerns. Learn more about our Business Ethics.

Lilly receives general surveillance inspections to examine 
our adherence to Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), 
Good Clinical Practices (GCP) and quality standards, 
as well as pre-approval inspections in support of new 
products. Lilly regularly hosts inspections by global 
regulatory bodies of our manufacturing facilities, as well 
as inspections in areas such as our marketing affiliates 
and clinical areas.

Lilly utilizes a robust process to evaluate possible quality 
defects and safety issues that may be identified through 
internal testing, an event that potentially impacts product, 
quality, or a complaint. Any such incident that poses a 
risk to the patient is escalated, promptly investigated 
and triaged by technical subject matter experts, quality 
management and patient safety physicians. Investigation 
outcomes are utilized for continuous improvement of 
our processes.

If a market action, such as product recall, is necessary, 
Lilly executes an established process with agreement 
from respective health authorities to promptly and 
efficiently remove affected material and communicate 
the decision to minimize the risk to patients. In some 
cases, incidents of potential or confirmed counterfeit Lilly 
product within the legitimate supply chain can prompt a 
recall of authentic Lilly product. In these circumstances, 
the authentic Lilly product does not pose a risk. Lilly 
partners with health authorities and law enforcement 
agencies to determine if a recall of the material is needed 
to prevent counterfeit medicine from harming patients 
and to ensure the integrity of the legitimate supply chain.

temperature, etc.). We conduct robust assessments of 
these parties to ensure they meet Lilly standards for 
research and data privacy, and we oversee their activities 
throughout the clinical trial to ensure quality and 
data integrity.

During the clinical trial, researchers monitor patient 
safety by collecting any adverse events that occur. Lilly 
reviews these adverse events across trial participants to 
identify potential safety concerns, to inform researchers, 
participants and regulators, to appropriately manage the 
care of the research volunteers, and to inform the benefit-
risk profile of our products in development.

Upholding Product Quality
Lilly is deeply committed to manufacturing high-quality 
medicines for patients who need them, and the safety 
and quality of our products is a high priority. We take our 
obligations seriously and have rigorous quality systems in 
place to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements.

Our Global Quality team is an independent organization 
within Lilly composed of about 2,500 scientists, 
pharmacists and other quality professionals. The most 
senior Quality leader reports directly to our CEO to ensure 
independence and objectivity. Global Quality is involved 
throughout the product life cycle, working across all 
phases of drug development and manufacturing. The goal 
of the team is to provide effective guidance and quality 

91  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyPreventing Counterfeit 
Medicines
Counterfeit or illegitimate medicines are a threat to 
patient safety around the world and often undermine the 
regulated supply chains from which patients expect to 
receive safe, Lilly-manufactured products. Our product 
protection strategy was formally established in the early 
2000s. Since that time, we have emerged as a leader 
and trusted partner in the area of product protection, 
both within the industry and with government and 
law enforcement agencies worldwide. Lilly’s product 
protection strategy has evolved to address various threats 
to products and issues that emerged around the globe 
such as counterfeiting, tampering, theft and diversion.

Read additional details on the counterfeit or illegitimate 
medicine problem and the roles of Lilly, patients and 
governments in combating this issue.

Total Recalls

Global Quality also oversees the following activities to 
safeguard product quality:

•  Testing and Assurance Checks – Testing and 
assurance checks are performed throughout 
the manufacturing process, starting with testing 
raw materials and components to in-process 
testing of active pharmaceutical ingredients to 
final product testing to conform to regulatory and 
internal specifications.

•  Authorization and Regulation of Products – The 

Lilly Regulatory Affairs organization is responsible 
for the content of product submissions and any 
communications related to review and approval of 
products. Regulatory Affairs also manages post-
approval product registrations, labeling, promotional 
materials and associated regulatory policy.

•  Quality Management Training – At Lilly, we have a 

robust CGMP (current good manufacturing practices) 
training program to ensure that our employees 
working in GMP areas are prepared to perform their 
responsibilities effectively. This includes an annual 
CGMP update training that covers current quality-
related topics, industry trends and regulatory updates.

•  Medical Device Certifications – For our medical 

devices, we maintain certification to the current ISO 
13485 standard and participate in the Medical Device 
Single Audit Program (MDSAP). In this program, 
multiple regulatory authorities can accept the audit 
from a notified body on their behalf.

92  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGovernance

IN THIS SECTION 

Our Governance Approach 

Business Ethics 

Corporate Governance 

Supply Chain Management 

Download Data Sheet

94

94

101

104

93  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Governance Approach

Our company was founded nearly 150 years ago on the Lilly family’s core values of integrity, 
excellence and respect for people, and these values continue to guide all that we do today. We are 
committed to upholding our high standards of corporate conduct in all business dealings around 
the world. We believe that a strong system of corporate governance is critical to promoting the 
long-term interests of our shareholders and other company stakeholders.

Business Ethics

SASB Disclosures Covered:

Business Ethics (HC-BP-510a.2);

Ethical Marketing (HC-BP-270a.2)

Business Ethics 
Management Approach
At Lilly, we are committed to upholding high standards 
of corporate conduct in our business dealings around 
the world. Our code of business conduct – called 
The Red Book – and our policies, compliance management 
systems, HR performance and promotion systems, 
training programs and communications initiatives are 
designed to work together to reinforce a culture of 
integrity and ethical behavior.

Bioethics – which focuses on the ethics of health care, 
biomedical research and biomedical public policy – is 
an integral component of corporate integrity in the 
pharmaceutical industry. Our bioethics program is a part 
of our global Ethics and Compliance organization and 
works to drive the integration of bioethics principles into 
Lilly’s standards, decisions and actions. We embrace a 
comprehensive approach to bioethics, providing a variety 
of resources and educational offerings to help employees 
navigate ethical scenarios and apply bioethics principles 
in their daily work.

A key component to our culture of ethics and integrity 
is transparency around how we work. Lilly collaborates 
with health care professionals and organizations focusing 
on improving the health and quality of patients’ lives. We 
believe being transparent about our relationships with 
these external groups, advocacy organizations and other 
stakeholders helps Lilly build trust and respect for how 
we work with others to benefit the people we serve.

94  |  2021 ESG Report

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Ethics and Compliance

 › Anti-Corruption Compliance

 › Respecting Privacy

 › Bioethics

 › Transparency, Disclosure & Political Engagement

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEthics and Compliance
Our comprehensive approach to ethics and compliance 
includes proactive risk assessments, trainings and 
communications designed to prevent fraud or other 
violations of Lilly’s policies, as well as reporting, auditing 
and monitoring to detect potential compliance gaps. 
We assess risks in our business functions and the 
geographies where we operate to help business leaders 
understand, prioritize and mitigate risks related to ethics, 
compliance and fraud. We have a robust investigation 
process, and we develop corrective and preventive action 
plans to address issues as appropriate. We also use 
available data to improve our programs to help leaders 
assess the risks they face.

We have aligned our anti-corruption due diligence 
process, privacy program and bioethics work, and we have 
dedicated teams supporting these programs within our 
Ethics and Compliance organization to reflect the evolving 
business and external environment in which we operate.

The senior vice president of enterprise risk management 
and chief ethics and compliance officer oversees this 
work and is responsible for developing and operating 
our ethics and compliance program, managing a 
diverse organization that works across the business in 
all geographies. This individual reports to the CEO and 
provides regular updates to the Ethics and Compliance 
Committee of the Board of Directors, and each year 
the full Board reviews the company’s overall state 
of compliance.

In 2019 and 2020, we received no warning letters or 
untitled letters from the Office of Prescription Drug 
Promotion (OPDP), U.S. Food and Drug Administration 
(U.S. FDA) Center for Drug Evaluation and Research 
(CDER) or the Advertising and Promotional Labeling 
Branch (APLB) U.S. FDA Center for Biologics Evaluation 
and Research. In 2021, we received one untitled letter 
from the Office of Prescription Drug Promotion regarding 
an Emgality campaign.

We regularly update and disseminate our compliance-
related expectations through The Red Book, our code 
of business conduct. Available in 20 languages, this 
document and associated training are designed to 
support a judgment-based approach emphasizing  
the company’s values and the importance of ethical  
decision-making. The code of conduct and associated 
training includes our 11 corporate policies:

•  Our Ethical Foundation

•  Conducting Research and Development

•  Respecting People

•  Assuring Quality

•  Ethical Interactions: Communicating Honestly

•  Ethical Interactions: Preventing Corruption

•  Maintaining Financial Integrity

•  Respecting Personal Information and Privacy

•  Managing and Protecting Information

Our Code of Conduct, Policies and Procedures

•  Protecting People, the Environment and Our Assets

•  Speaking Up: No Retaliation.

Ethics Training and Communications

We recognize the impact of people and the role of 
human behavior on our organization’s culture, and we 
aim to integrate these elements into our ethics and 
compliance program as part of our strategy to promote 
ethical behavior and decision-making. We believe all 
employees can play a role in the success of our ethics 
and compliance program, so we consider training, 
development and communications to be essential 
components of nurturing a culture of integrity and ethics 
throughout our business.

Our code of conduct, policies and procedures are 
designed to reinforce our core values and provide 
guidance on how we expect business to be conducted. 
They include processes for interacting with health care 
providers, government officials and others, and they 
are designed to be consistent with codes issued by 
other relevant organizations, including the International 
Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & 
Associations (IFPMA), the Pharmaceutical Research and 
Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), European Federation 
of Pharmaceutical Industry Associations (EFPIA), and the 
Japan Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association (JPMA).

Our global procedures and processes support the ethical 
marketing and promotion of our products and require the 
review and approval of this content by relevant subject 
matter experts. We investigate potential violations of 
these procedures and, when appropriate, take corrective 
and preventive actions including reporting to regulatory 
authorities as appropriate.

95  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyCommunications

We further strengthen our culture with robust 
communications to help ensure employees are aware of 
their responsibilities under our policies, know where to 
find resources to help them do their jobs, and understand 
lessons we have learned as an organization. We provide 
leaders with additional resources designed to help them 
recognize their vital role in creating an environment that 
encourages ethical behavior. We also regularly publish 
articles on our internal website to communicate and 
support our commitment to integrity, as well as ethical 
decision-making and interactions.

For the past several years, we’ve been on a journey to 
build and nurture a culture where people notice and 
speak up about mistakes or concerns, ask questions 
when they don’t know the right course of action to take 
and listen when someone raises a concern or question. 
Our Speaking Up: No Retaliation policy supports this 
effort, and we've created a comprehensive set of 
resources to help employees understand how we define 
retaliation, why we do not tolerate it in any form and the 
channels available to them to support speaking up.

Tracking Our Progress

We track our progress in many ways, including reviewing 
the results of our annual employee survey. Results from 
the 2021 survey show that approximately 96% of survey 
respondents say they would report a suspected ethical 
violation if observed, and they know how to access the 
proper channels to make a report.

Reporting, Monitoring and Auditing

To help identify possible compliance issues, we maintain 
an internal disclosure system that includes a mechanism 
for anonymous reporting (where permitted by local law). 
We also review business actions through a system of 
monitoring and audits.

• 

Internal Reporting – Lilly employees are required 
to report known or suspected violations of the law, 
The Red Book, company policies or official orders or 
decrees applicable to our business. We recognize 
speaking up is our right and responsibility, and we 
encourage employees to report any ethical concerns 
or issues, including harassment and discrimination. 
The Lilly Ethics and Compliance Hotline is staffed 
by an independent firm, 24 hours a day, seven days 
a week and is available online to employees and the 
public globally (subject to local law) or via email. The 
hotline website also lists up-to-date local toll-free 
phone numbers for most countries, where available. 
Translation services are available, if needed, and 

Training and Development

Each year, we require our employees to complete training 
in ethical business practices. This includes requiring all 
Lilly employees and key contractors to complete training 
on The Red Book and certify they have read, understood 
and will abide by its requirements. More than 99 percent 
of employees completed this annual training in 2021. 
Most employees also receive additional targeted ethics 
and compliance training related to their specific role. 
Employees who do not complete required ethics and 
compliance training receive HR discipline as appropriate. 
Additionally, each year senior leaders are required to 
confirm their organizations are compliant with the code of 
business conduct and applicable policies and procedures.

As part of our focus on nurturing a culture of integrity, we 
supplement our ethics and compliance training with case 
studies and behavioral ethics research. Our goal is to help 
our leaders and employees understand the role pressure 
can play in rationalizing poor decisions and techniques 
they can use to mitigate this risk for themselves and 
within their teams. Additionally, we share details of real 
situations to reinforce with employees the behaviors and 
best practices that have led to ethical decision-making 
as well as the lessons learned from past missteps. We 
want to help employees apply our principles, policies and 
procedures in their day-to-day work.

We also regularly provide high-potential employees 
with development assignments within the Ethics and 
Compliance function. We gain valuable insights from 
these participants, and we believe they return to their 
roles in the business with a renewed understanding of  
our commitment to integrity and the programs in place  
to support it.

96  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyreports may be made anonymously (subject to local 
law). Employees are actively encouraged to bring 
concerns to supervisors, leaders and representatives 
of ethics and compliance, legal and human resources. 
As our Speaking Up: No Retaliation policy states – we 
share concerns openly and honestly, knowing that Lilly 
will not tolerate acts of retaliation.

•  Monitoring – We maintain a risk-based ethics and 

compliance monitoring program. Key components of 
the program include a global monitoring strategy, risk 
assessments, monitoring plans and standardized tools 
and processes for reporting metrics to our business 
and functional leaders.

•  Corporate Auditing – Our internal corporate auditing 
functions conduct financial, nonfinancial and quality 
audits of Lilly affiliates, functions, manufacturing, 
research and certain third parties to evaluate 
compliance with our policies and procedures. 
These audits include reviews of our anti-corruption 
program, privacy and other policies related to ethical 
interactions (e.g., off-label promotion).

Investigations and Corrective Actions

We take seriously reports of known or suspected 
violations of company policies and procedures, and 
we investigate claims of potential wrongdoing that are 
brought to our attention. We seek to identify and address 
inappropriate conduct as early as possible and to prevent 
future recurrences. Our global investigation team receives 
specialized training and conducts investigations according 
to a standardized process designed to satisfy applicable 
global and local procedural and privacy requirements.

Listed below are statistics on high-risk allegations brought 
to our attention in 2021 and evaluated through a consistent 
process. These statistics concern allegations determined to 
be of the highest risk to the company and include potential 
violations of policies and procedures related to finance, 
sales, marketing, manufacturing, quality and conduct.

• 

• 

• 

In 2021, we investigated and closed 319 high-risk 
allegations*, and confirmed that a violation had 
occurred 64.9% of the time. Outcomes related to 
violations are listed below:

Individuals disciplined, up to and including 
termination, 45.9%

Individuals received corrective feedback or other 
outcome, 54.1%

* One allegation equals one individual. If a situation involves more than one 
individual, that matter may be recorded as multiple allegations. Statistics 
calculated as of March 2022.

97  |  2021 ESG Report

During investigations of high-risk matters, our team 
works to identify the root cause of the issue. Following the 
investigation, we help business area owners identify and 
implement corrective and preventive actions designed 
to address the issue as well as prevent a recurrence. 
We monitor the effectiveness of these actions, adjust as 
needed and track and report our progress.

Anti-Corruption Compliance
Lilly’s commitment to operating with high ethical 
standards includes complying with applicable anti-bribery 
and anti-corruption (ABAC) laws and regulations, and it 
extends to business relationships, dealings and activities 
all over the world. Our global policies prohibit bribery, 
fraud and other acts of dishonesty, including that we do 
not offer, provide, authorize or accept anything of value 
– or give the appearance that we do – to inappropriately 
influence a decision or gain an unfair advantage. This also 
extends to our work with third parties. We use a risk-
based anti-corruption due diligence process to evaluate 
certain third parties, as appropriate, before engaging 
them, including the following:

• 

third parties who may be authorized by Lilly to interact 
with health care providers or government officials on 
the company’s behalf

•  prospective recipients of grants and donations

•  prospective business development partners.

When appropriate, as determined through our risk 
evaluation process, third parties are required to follow 
anti-corruption policy and procedure requirements and 
participate in anti-corruption training. As part of our 
ongoing monitoring efforts, we conduct independent 
ABAC assessments of certain third parties, which often 
includes site visits and transaction testing. We also 
conduct an annual global anti-corruption risk assessment 
to identify potential risks and develop appropriate risk 
mitigation plans.

In addition, employees who are in positions most likely 
to interact with third parties are required to complete 
additional scenario-based training above and beyond our 
code of conduct training each year. This training, which 
includes anti-corruption training, is designed to reinforce 
our policies, procedures and processes that promote 
ethical interactions. In 2021, more than 99 percent of 
required employees completed this additional training. 
Employees who do not complete required ethics and 
compliance training receive HR discipline as appropriate.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyBioethics
Our investment in bioethics capabilities reflects our 
company values and purpose to improve people’s lives 
and communities around the world. We were one of the 
first pharmaceutical companies to establish a standing 
bioethics committee in 1999. Our bioethics program 
is designed to address the increasingly complex and 
fast-paced ethical challenges of global pharmaceutical 
research, development and commercialization. Our focus 
is to protect and advocate for the rights and well-being 
of research participants and patients as well as the 
integrity of the scientific process and its applications for 
health care.

Our bioethics program provides Lilly employees with 
resources including the Lilly Bioethics Framework 
for Human Biomedical Research, position papers on 
major bioethical issues, information on how to request 
a bioethics consultation, and bioethics education 
and training opportunities. In 2021, we introduced a 
new global procedure that consolidated the ethics 
requirements from multiple documents and includes 
the principles we follow to help ensure that we conduct 
medical research in an ethical manner. The procedure 
applies to all employees engaged in medical research. We 
also sponsor an annual bioethics lecture. Additionally, our 
staff and the Bioethics Advisory Committee provide input 
into policy decisions that have bioethical implications, and 
we collaborate externally to establish best practices in 
applying bioethics across the industry.

Respecting Privacy
Privacy is a top priority for Lilly, as reflected by our 
longstanding global privacy program. At its core, our 
privacy program reflects our commitment to being open 
and honest about how we collect, manage, use and 
disclose personal information. We are intentional about 
protecting personal information and strive to use the 
minimum amount necessary to do our work. We share 
personal information with those who are authorized 
and have a legitimate business need to see it, and we 
insist our suppliers and third parties to handle personal 
information in accordance with our privacy expectations 
and applicable laws and regulations.

At Lilly, we expect our employees, suppliers and anyone 
working on our behalf to work responsibly and protect 
the personal information that is entrusted to us. These 
expectations are stated in our global Respecting 
Personal Information and Privacy policy, as well as 
Respecting Privacy procedure, and are emphasized 
in enterprise-wide training on the responsible use of 
personal information.

Privacy Governance

The Global Privacy Office oversees the privacy program 
for our operations around the world and is led by our 
chief privacy officer, working with a team of global privacy 
experts. The chief privacy officer reports directly to 
the senior vice president, enterprise risk management 
and chief ethics and compliance officer, reflecting a 
governance structure emphasizing the ethical use of 
personal information and data. As the volume of data 
grows exponentially and as comprehensive data privacy 
laws proliferate in the U.S. and worldwide, privacy 
has become a Board-level priority. The privacy team 
regularly conducts risk assessments to appropriately 
focus resources to mitigate risk and informs leadership 
about new laws, related risks and potential impacts of 
noncompliance, as appropriate. The privacy team also 
partners with the corporate audit team to stay abreast 
of developing privacy requirements and identify key 
privacy risks.

98  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGovernance of Bioethics

Our bioethics program reports into the senior vice 
president, enterprise risk management and chief ethics 
and compliance officer and works closely with the office 
of the chief medical officer. Our bioethics staff, which has 
specialized training and expertise, provides education 
and training for the cross-functional Bioethics Advisory 
Committee, which includes external bioethics experts. 
This committee serves as a resource for Lilly employees 
and is a place where they can seek guidance on bioethics 
considerations, discuss potential alternative courses of 
action and receive recommendations on potential paths 
forward. Throughout these interactions, by applying the 
principles in the Lilly Bioethics Framework, bioethics 
contributes to our research study design, informed 
consent processes and content, selection of countries for 
clinical trial sites, requests for access to investigational 
treatments outside of clinical trials, animal care and 
use, engagement of special populations (e.g., pediatrics), 
as well as timing and content of research publications, 
among other matters. Learn more about our broader 
governance of ESG issues.

Bioethics Program

Our bioethics program has four core activities: 
consultation, education and training, development of 
bioethics positions, and collaboration.

•  Bioethics Consultations – Our bioethics staff 
provides consultations for employees seeking 
advice regarding bioethics and research ethics 
issues. These consultations are intended to increase 
awareness about bioethics, empower employees 
to raise concerns and help them reason through 
challenging issues.

values of integrity, excellence and respect for people. 
The framework, which consists of four basic principles 
and 13 essential elements for conducting ethical 
human biomedical research, guides the development 
of bioethics position statements and informs advice 
provided by our bioethics committee and staff.

•  Fostering Industry Collaboration in Bioethics – 

Externally, our bioethics program aims to work with 
other companies to establish best practices and to 
bring an industry perspective to bioethics discussions. 
We are a founding member and were a driving force 
behind the establishment of the Biopharmaceutical 
Industry Bioethics (BIB) Forum, established in 2016. 
The BIB Forum promotes collegial, non-competitive 
discussions regarding the application of bioethics 
concepts in the biopharmaceutical industry and the 
sharing of best practices. We are also a co-leader of 
the Bioethics Working Group created in 2020 by IFPMA 
as part of its Ethics and Business Integrity Committee 
(eBIC). This group focuses on developing industrywide 
positions on bioethics topics to establish common 
principles for behaviors intended to protect patients 
and research participants. Lilly is also a sponsor of 
the Multi-Regional Clinical Trials (MRCT) Bioethics 
Collaborative organized by the MRCT Center of 
Brigham and Women’s Hospital and Harvard.

Protecting Research Subjects’ Rights in Clinical Trials

Our bioethics program advocates for the rights and 
well-being of research subjects and patients who use our 
medicines. Lilly applies a single global standard to the 
conduct of medical trials involving human subjects. This 
standard is based on well-respected ethics guidance and 
other requirements including:

•  Bioethics Leadership Academy – The Bioethics 

•  The World Medical Association’s Declaration 

Leadership Academy (BELA) provides Lilly employees 
with a specialized curriculum in bioethics. Employees 
who are selected to participate in BELA dedicate 
a portion of their working time to developing 
skills in bioethics, focusing on building basic 
bioethics awareness, applying bioethics principles 
and participating in ongoing bioethics activities 
and consultations.

•  Lilly’s Bioethics Framework and Positions –  

Our Bioethics Framework for Human Biomedical 
Research and our Principles of Medical Research 
provide a bioethics foundation for the company’s 
biomedical research, promoting alignment with 
broadly accepted ethics principles and Lilly’s core 

of Helsinki

•  The Council for International Organizations of Medical 

Sciences’ International Ethical Guidelines for 
Biomedical Research Involving Human Subjects

•  The International Conference on Harmonisation’s 

Guideline for Good Clinical Practice

•  The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of 
America’s Principles on Conduct of Clinical Trials

•  Applicable laws and regulations of the country or 

countries in which a study is conducted.

99  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyClinical Trials Data Transparency

Lilly has a history of commitment to the transparency of 
our clinical studies and we recognize that responsible 
sharing of clinical study data can enhance public 
health. Since 2014, Lilly has enhanced our transparency 
initiatives in alignment with the PhRMA/EFPIA Principles 
for Responsible Clinical Trial Data Sharing. Currently, 
Lilly registers and posts results of clinical trials on 
clinicaltrials.gov in addition to any legally required clinical 
trial registries. For Phase 2 and 3 trials that completed 
after 2019, Lilly submits results to clinicaltrials.gov one 
year after the completion of the trial regardless of the 
medicine’s approval status.

Lilly makes anonymized patient-level data available from 
Lilly-sponsored trials on marketed drugs for approved 
uses following acceptance for publication. Lilly is one 
of several companies that provide this access through 
the website vivli.org. Qualified researchers can submit 
research proposals and request anonymized data to test 
new hypotheses.

In 2013, Lilly began conducting pilot projects creating 
summaries of Phase 2 and 3 clinical trial results in 
patient-friendly language using simple, everyday 
terms. In 2021, Lilly continued creating plain language 
summaries of Phase 2-4 clinical trial results and 
making English versions available to study sites. Lilly is 
developing a translation process to enable the posting of 
plain language summaries to the European Union Clinical 
Trial Information System (EU CTIS). For the EU CTIS, the 
summaries will be translated into the local language(s) 
where the studies took place.

Payments to Physicians and Healthcare Organizations

Read about our approach to payments to health care 
professionals and health care organizations.

Political and Policy Participation

Read about our disclosures on political and 
policy participation.

Lilly conducts clinical studies in countries or communities 
in which the benefits of research can be made reasonably 
available for research participants and the host country 
or community. Sometimes an investigational medicine 
is not locally commercially available at the conclusion 
of a clinical study and as a result, clinical study patients 
who are benefiting from an investigational medicine 
are not able to access the treatment. Therefore, under 
certain conditions Lilly may offer continued access to an 
investigational medicine after a patient's participation in a 
clinical study has ended. Learn more about our approach 
to continued access to investigational medicine and 
multinational clinical studies.

Transparency, Disclosure 
and Political Engagement
We support various transparency initiatives globally, 
provided that such initiatives:

•  are respectful of local laws related to intellectual 
property, trade secrets, competition and privacy

•  disclosure of information does not undermine our 

ability to compete effectively

• 

information is communicated with appropriate context 
in an easily understood manner.

We seek to collaborate with policy makers, industry 
colleagues and key stakeholders to align on approaches 
that achieve these objectives.

100  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyCorporate 
Governance

Management Approach
We are committed to good corporate governance, which 
promotes the long-term interests of shareholders and other 
company stakeholders, builds confidence in our leadership 
and strengthens accountability by the Board of Directors 
and management. Our Board recognizes that one of its 
key responsibilities is to ensure that Lilly is governed in 
a manner that provides both independent oversight and 
efficient and effective decision-making. Over the years, our 
Board has instituted a number of governance best practices 
to ensure effective independent oversight. We believe 
that it is vitally important to earn the confidence of all our 
stakeholders as we remain dedicated to our purpose of 
making lives better around the world. Learn more about the 
general principles of corporate governance by which Lilly 
operates in our Corporate Governance Guidelines.

The Board takes an active role in its oversight of our 
corporate strategy. Each year, the Board and executive 
management closely examine Lilly’s strategy including key 
risks and decisions facing the company. Decisions reached 
are updated throughout the year as the Board reviews the 
company's financial performance, the performance of our 
business units and progress in our product pipeline. Our 
Board and management are also actively engaged in the 
assessment, management and oversight of environmental, 
social and governance (ESG) matters pertinent to our 
business. We identify issues that matter most to our 
business and develop robust strategies to address them. We 
also engage with a variety of stakeholders and incorporate 
their feedback as appropriate.

Learn more about Lilly’s governance structure, Board of 
Directors and Executive Committee.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › ESG Governance

 › Health, Safety and the  

Environment (HSE) Governance 

101  |  2021 ESG Report

ESG Governance
Our approach to ESG governance includes Board 
oversight, management accountability, corporate policies 
and management systems and stated public policies and 
positions on key ESG topics. These ESG topics are well 
integrated into our business strategy and operations. 
We seek to continuously improve in these areas, as we 
believe they are foundational to our long-term success 
and our ability to promote the interests of shareholders 
and other company stakeholders.

Board Oversight

The Directors and Corporate Governance Committee 
(DCGC) of the Board is responsible for identifying and 
bringing to the attention of the full Board, as appropriate, 
current and emerging social, environmental, political 
and governance trends and public policy issues that may 
affect the business operations, performance or reputation 
of the company. In addition, the DCGC oversees matters 
of corporate governance, including Board performance, 
non-employee director independence and compensation, 
corporate governance guidelines and shareholder 
engagement on governance matters. View our Directors 
and Corporate Governance Committee charter. In 
addition, the Compensation Committee is responsible 
for oversight of human capital management matters, 
including diversity, equity and inclusion.

The Board is engaged in strategic ESG oversight, receiving 
regular updates on ESG matters at Board meetings, 
reviewing and approving the company’s long-term goals 
and weighing in on significant strategic investments.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyAdditionally, key enterprise-level risks are overseen 
by the full Board and our enterprise risk management 
process is overseen by the Audit Committee of the Board. 
Company management is charged with managing risk 
through robust internal processes and controls. The 
enterprise level risks are reviewed annually at a full Board 
meeting, and relevant enterprise risks are also addressed 
in periodic business function reviews and at the annual 
Board and senior management strategy session.

ESG Governance Committee

Central to our ESG oversight is our ESG Governance 
Committee, chaired by our associate vice president for 
Environmental Social and Governance and composed of 
senior leaders from Health, Safety and the Environment 
(HSE), Human Resources, Ethics and Compliance, Legal, 
Treasury, Procurement and Investor Relations. This 
committee reports to our senior leadership Executive 
Committee and has a broad ESG mandate that includes 
leading the coordination of Lilly's ESG strategy, evaluating 
Lilly's ESG approach compared to peers and the broader 
environment, leading formal, periodic ESG strategy 
updates, institutionalizing ESG topics throughout Lilly  
and facilitating execution of ESG reporting activities.

ESG in Executive Compensation

We reinforce the importance of ESG by including 
expectations in each executive officer’s performance 
plan. Delivery against these expectations is a factor 
in determining base pay increases and equity award 
values that our executive officers receive. This approach 
provides accountability for ESG performance and allows 
for adjustments in forward-looking compensation based 
on the level of ESG achievement. For example, each 
executive officer has performance objectives tied to 
diversity, equity and inclusion. For other ESG topics  
such as environmental, performance objectives are 
established for the individuals most accountable 
for these topics, such as the senior vice president 
of manufacturing.

Health, Safety and the 
Environment (HSE) 
Governance
Health, Safety and the Environment (HSE) management 
at Lilly is integrated through a formal structure, including 
the following groups, individuals and programs:

in monitoring corporate HSE strategy, compliance 
and performance against goals, as well as 
continuous improvement.

•  Vice president responsible for corporate engineering 

and global HSE – A member of the Global HSE 
Committee works closely with HSE and other 
functional leaders to ensure an appropriate and 
thoughtful response to HSE risks and opportunities, 
monitor emerging and evolving issues, approve 
appropriate metrics and goals and oversee compliance 
with all HSE regulations, policies, procedures and 
standards worldwide.

•  Manufacturing HSE Committee – Supports 

HSE efforts and drives ongoing improvement 
throughout manufacturing.

•  Process Safety Management Committee – Ensures 

Lilly maintains a sustainable, compliant and industry-
leading Process Safety Management & Combustible 
Dust Program, and sets the strategic direction and 
continuous improvement plan for reducing process 
safety risks.

•  Pharmaceuticals in the Environment Governance 
Committee – Sets strategic direction, provides 
long-range oversight, supports effective internal 
collaborations and recommends resources for 
the programs that control active pharmaceutical 
ingredient discharges from manufacturing sites.

•  Lilly Research Laboratories HSE Lead Team – 

Promotes HSE aspects across research 
and development.

•  Executives and lead teams – In each of our business 
groups, as well as manufacturing, Lilly Research 
Laboratories and general and administrative 
functions, who oversee performance for HSE in 
those areas.

HSE Policy Statements, Procedures  
and Standards

Lilly has brief, principle-based policy statements that are 
implemented in two ways:

1.  through our global procedures, which describe 
underlying principles and general expectations

2.  through our global standards, which provide auditable, 

detailed requirements.

•  Global HSE Committee – Includes senior executives 
from key areas of the business, the committee 
ensures proper oversight and plays a central role 

These key governance documents and our related 
management systems together detail Lilly’s HSE 
management and performance expectations.  

102  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyand external requirements and responsibly manage 
environmental aspects of operations.

•  Product Stewardship Standard – Provides a 

systematic approach to managing product and process 
risks throughout the product life cycle, from research 
and discovery to product end-of-life.

With respect to the importance of climate-related risks, 
our CDP response provides comprehensive discussion 
of how the risk of climate change is considered and 
governed. Read our latest CDP response.

Management Systems

At Lilly, business areas including manufacturing, 
research and development, affiliate locations and general 
administrative functions, are required to operate with 
an HSE management system that adheres to the Lilly 
HSE Standards. The general elements of the Lilly HSE 
Management System are consistent with third-party 
standards such as the International Organization for 
Standardization (ISO) 14001, ISO 45001 and the American 
Chemistry Council’s Responsible Care Management 
System (RCMS®) standards. Our global HSE management 
system is periodically reviewed by an independent, 
accredited auditor to ensure it conforms to the RCMS.

Audits

We conduct HSE audits of Lilly sites and functional 
areas for each of our Global HSE Standards as well as 
regulatory requirements. Our five-year audit plan is 
updated annually and identifies which areas to audit each 
year based on risk, with areas associated with high-risk 
operations being audited more frequently. This approach 
results in audits of approximately 20 to 30 percent of our 
sites and functional areas globally each year. All audit 
results are shared with senior management, and areas 
are required to respond to all audit observations and track 
action plans.

Lilly’s global policy statements, procedures and standards 
articulate our commitments and guide our efforts. They 
include the following:

HSE Policies

•  Our Global Policy on Protecting People, the 

Environment and Our Assets – We strive to maintain 
a secure workplace and to protect people and the 
communities in which we operate and serve. We are 
focused on improving our health and safety practices 
to promote the well-being of our people. We are 
committed to conducting business in a responsible 
and environmentally sustainable manner. We are 
committed to a robust security culture to protect our 
people and brand from harm, and our assets from 
loss, theft or damage. Each of us is responsible for 
implementing our security practices and applying 
them in our daily activities.

Global Procedures

•  Health, Safety and the Environment – Outlines 

general principles and sets general requirements in 
the areas of employee responsibility, management 
responsibilities, business continuity planning and 
reporting of HSE incidents.

•  Safe Use of Mobile Electronic Devices While 

Driving – Established criteria and limitations for the 
use of mobile electronic devices while operating a 
Lilly vehicle, including driving on Lilly property, and 
conducting company business.

Global Standards

•  Management System Standard – Defines 

requirements to ensure a robust process is in place 
within each part of the organization to effectively 
manage compliance with Lilly HSE Standards, 
applicable regulatory requirements and other 
HSE standards.

•  Environmental Standard – Establishes requirements 
to identify and manage the environmental and energy-
related aspects of our operations.

•  Health and Safety and Process Safety Standards – 

Provides requirements for identifying and evaluating 
workplace hazards and establishing control 
measures to eliminate or reduce the risk of injuries 
and illnesses.

•  Global Engineering Standards – Establishes 

requirements for the design and operation of facilities 
and equipment to ensure compliance with internal 

103  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencySupply Chain 
Management

SASB Disclosures Covered: Supply Chain 
Management (HC-BP-430a.1)

Management Approach
Ensuring our high-quality medicines are available 
wherever and whenever patients need them is one of 
our top priorities. We are committed to maintaining the 
safety and integrity of our medicines, which begins with 
the procurement of materials and extends throughout the 
production process. Through integration of Lilly-owned 
facilities and external suppliers, we aim to manufacture 
our medicines in an efficient, effective and safe manner. 
The Lilly Quality System supports this integration and is 
the foundation for our quality standards and processes 
throughout the product development life cycle, including 
auditing and assessing third-party risk.

In addition to our efforts internally, we promote strong 
health, safety and environmental (HSE) practices with 
our suppliers and contract manufacturing operations 
(CMOs). We also work to mitigate counterfeit medicines 
and ensure we comply with governmental efforts around 
conflict minerals.

A significant portion of Lilly's environmental and social 
impact is embedded in our supply chain. We are committed 
in policy and action to supporting our suppliers and CMOs 
as they work to continuously improve their operations.

We believe that doing business with a diverse set of 
suppliers also helps Lilly accelerate innovation and 
deliver strong results. We seek out fresh perspectives 
and insights by partnering with minority group-owned, 
women-owned and small businesses to meet our wide 
range of internal and external needs.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Supply Chain Governance

 › Third-Party Risk Management 

 › Partnerships and Leadership

 › Supplier Diversity

104  |  2021 ESG Report

Supply Chain Governance
We view our supply chain as an extension of our 
operations and strive to instill our company’s operating 
principles within our supplier network. We support 
the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) principles, 
adhere to human rights and labor laws, comply with anti-
corruption practices, endeavor for a diverse supplier base 
and promote sustainability efforts designed to minimize 
our environmental footprint.

We rely on our suppliers and CMOs, including those that 
supply us with research and development materials 
and active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs), to ensure 
the ongoing availability of our medicines. As our 
manufacturing base has grown, we’ve taken significant 
steps designed to reduce our exposure to risks inherent in 
managing a global supply chain.

We continue to strengthen efforts to monitor our supply 
chain for quality and HSE events and risks. We institute 
additional procedures for monitoring suppliers that 
may pose higher risks, and we intervene quickly when 
appropriate. Both quality and HSE considerations are 
integrated into Lilly’s process for evaluating potential new 
contract manufacturers, and formal assessments are 
conducted routinely for existing contract manufacturers.

We have also taken steps to educate and engage our 
suppliers directly on HSE issues and to help them build 
expertise around HSE topics. This includes our ongoing 
work as part of the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain 
Initiative (PSCI), a non-profit business membership 
organization founded in 2006, which counts Lilly as one of 
its inaugural members. In 2021, Lilly HSE professionals 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyled the Industrial Hygiene PSCI supplier capability 
building sub-committee and served on several of PSCI’s 
supplier capability building committees. PSCI, along 
with its member companies, created and maintains the 
Pharmaceutical Industry Principles for Responsible 
Supply Chain Management (the PSCI Principles). The 
PSCI Principles provide our industry with consistent 
supplier performance standards in the areas of ethics, 
labor, health and safety, the environment and related 
management systems. At Lilly, we have aligned 
several codes, policies and procedures with the PSCI 
Principles including:

• 

Internal product stewardship requirements that 
detail our approach to managing risk across the 
supply chain.

•  The Lilly Supplier Code of Business Conduct, which 

applies to all suppliers

•  Relevant procurement standards

•  Standard contract language applicable to providers of 

contract manufacturing services.

Learn more about our HSE governance.

Conflict Minerals

We are concerned with human rights violations that occur 
throughout the world. This includes the ongoing conflict in 
the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and surrounding 
countries which is understood to be financed in part 
by the mining and trade of certain minerals, including 
tungsten, tantalum, tin and gold. We are committed to 
ensuring that we understand our supply chain and the 
potential upstream impacts of our supply and purchasing 
decisions as they relate to the minerals at issue.

From 2014 to 2021, Lilly filed annual reports with 
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
relating to the conflict minerals rule. As a part of this 
reporting process, we examine the raw material content 
of all our global commercial products and seek to 
identify their origin and source. Our goal is to develop a 
better understanding of our supply chain and avoid the 
inadvertent support of businesses associated with human 
rights violations.

Our expectation is that our suppliers source their 
materials responsibly and abstain from procuring 
materials from areas or sources that might promote 
conflict in the DRC. We expect our suppliers to conduct 
their own due diligence regarding the source of any 
materials they provide to us to ensure those materials  

105  |  2021 ESG Report

are conflict-free. We filed our latest conflict minerals 
disclosure documents with the SEC in May 2022.

We are committed to understanding the origin of these 
materials and will take appropriate action to avoid the 
inadvertent support of businesses associated with human 
rights violations. Learn more about our approach to 
human rights.

Third-Party Risk 
Management
We engage with third parties to provide differentiated 
services, enable our focus on our core competencies, 
achieve cost savings and gain operating efficiencies. 
Working with third parties may increase potential 
risks such as service disruptions, data and security 
breaches, reputational harm, penalties and fines. 
Mitigating potential risks and protecting Lilly’s reputation 
is a company wide responsibility that includes third 
party participation.

With leadership from a Center of Excellence, we have 
established a third-party risk management program 
focused on identifying and managing potential risks 
posed to the organization by working with third parties. 
Lilly’s program has five foundational operating model 
components: governance and delivery, policies and 
standards, management processes, tools and technology, 
and risk metrics and reporting. We focus on the following 
risk areas: anti-corruption, information security, privacy, 
information systems quality, animal welfare and business 
continuity. Additional risk areas will be phased in as 
the program evolves. The third-party risk management 
program covers the full third-party risk management 
lifecycle including due diligence activities that are 
conducted pre-contract and ongoing monitoring activities 
that are conducted post-contract through the life of 
the engagement.

Assessing and Auditing Third-Party Operations

To ensure we meet the expectations of the Lilly Quality 
System, our Global Quality Auditing and Compliance 
Team conducts annual risk-based audits to oversee 
both internal Lilly manufacturing sites and external 
third-party operations. We regularly assess the results 
of these audits to identify areas for improvement. 
Lilly manufacturing sites conduct internal risk 
analyses of each purchased material (raw materials, 
APIs, intermediates, packaging materials, and GMP 
consumables) based on global quality standards. The risk 
analyses evaluate the supplier, complexity of the supply 
chain and how the material will be used at our internal 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencysites to determine an overall risk classification. The 
overall risk classification helps inform the actions needed 
to approve a new supplier, and the ongoing requirements 
that we will apply to the supplier. We have similar 
quality standards and oversight activities for contract 
manufacturers as well.

For managing HSE risks, our manufacturing procurement 
contracts ask suppliers to support the PSCI Principles for 
Responsible Supply Chain Management, which set out 
the relevant practices any business operating within the 
pharmaceutical supply chain is expected to uphold in the 
areas of ethics, human rights and labor, health and safety, 
environment and management systems. Lilly also expects 
our suppliers to conform to the HSE expectations outlined 
in our Supplier Code of Business Conduct. Standard 
contract language also requires that manufacturing 
suppliers, if requested by Lilly, agree to submit to audits 
that assess compliance with the expectations.

Partnerships and Leadership
We are an active member of external associations and 
consortiums aimed at enhancing the security, quality  
and safety of pharmaceutical supply chains. Team 
members of Lilly’s Global Quality Auditing and 
Compliance group actively participate in Rx-360 and 
International Pharmaceutical Excipients Council (IPEC) 
working groups to provide input into industry guidelines 
and standards and align our processes with our peers. 
We currently hold a seat on the board of directors at 
Rx-360 and participate in several of the consortium’s 
working sub-groups to help ensure we stay informed of 
and help set industry best practices. During 2022, we are 
continuing the use of Rx-360 Supplier Audit Reports to 
supplement our internal audit plan during high demand 
periods, which includes audits from when we were 
not able to engage with suppliers due to the COVID-19 
pandemic. This allowed for improved risk evaluation 

to help protect our patients around the world. Some 
highlights of our involvement with Rx-360 include:

•  At the end of 2019, due to Lilly’s leading role driving 
Rx-360’s mission of pharmaceutical supply chain 
security and patient safety, Lilly was recognized as 
the Company of the Year by Rx-360 during its annual 
member meeting.

• 

• 

In 2020, Lilly co-authored a Remote Audit Best 
Practice Guide for members to utilize as they face 
difficulties in auditing supply chains due to the 
COVID-19 pandemic.

In 2021 Lilly participated in the validation testing of 
the now-launched auditsPLUS® system interactive 
database, which provides users of the Rx-360 
program new and enhanced tools to help reduce their 
audit burden.

Supplier Diversity
We believe that doing business with a diverse set of 
suppliers helps the company accelerate innovation and 
deliver strong results. By actively seeking out the fresh 
perspectives and insights of diverse and small businesses 
to meet our needs across the value chain, we strengthen 
both our own company and firms across our supply chain.

Supplier diversity programs provide opportunities to 
small and diverse businesses that have historically been 
underrepresented in corporate purchasing. The programs 
we’ve created help us deliver on our purpose while 
also helping improve the economic status of small and 
diverse suppliers.

The impact of our supplier diversity efforts extends 
beyond our immediate spend. Our suppliers hire 
employees and additional suppliers, which supports jobs 
throughout the supply chain and in local communities. 

Economic Impact
Economic Impact

Direct impact
The impact we have on 
our direct suppliers

Indirect Impact
The impact of Lilly’s 
diverse suppliers who 
purchase goods and the 
services they use

Induced Impact
The change in the 
economy due to spending 
by employees in Lilly’s 
supply chain 

106  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyA supplier is considered diverse when at least 51% 
ownership and control are held by an ethnic minority 
group member (MGM), a woman, someone who is LGBTQ+ 
or disabled. Small suppliers are defined by the U.S.  
Small Business Administration’s (SBA’s) small business 
size standards.

Given the importance of advancing supplier diversity, we 
have developed a comprehensive strategy comprising 
three key elements: commitment and partnership with 
advocacy organizations, community engagement, and 
compliance with government and enterprise goals to 
increase spend with small and diverse suppliers.

We met or exceeded our targets for all six government 
categories in 2021 from a dollar goal perspective despite 
many challenges posed by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
These categories are small business, woman-owned 
small business, small disadvantaged business, veteran-
owned small business, service-disabled veteran-owned 
small business and business located in a HUBZone. 
We continued to mentor small and diverse suppliers by 
expanding support programs with the aim of helping our 
suppliers build stronger business practices. We hosted 
multiple virtual matchmaking events to connect qualified 
suppliers with our procurement professionals and to 
enhance our partnership with advocacy groups.
n
o
i
l
l
i

2021 Supplier Diversity Spend

,
s
r
e
i
l
p
p
u
s
7
8
4
h
t
i

:
s
a
d
e
i
f
i
s
s
a
l
c
,
l
l
a
m
s
r
o
e
g
r
a
l

d
e
n
w
o
-
y
t
i
r
o
n
m
•

i

d
e
n
w
o
-
n
a
m
o
w
•

d
e
n
w
o
-
y
t
i
l
i
b
a
s
i
d
•

d
e
n
w
o
+
Q
T
B
G
L
•

$578 Million+
spent with 1,141 suppliers 
classified as small businesses

In 2021, we spent more than $578 million with 1,141 
suppliers classified as small businesses. We spent  
$597 million with 487 suppliers, large or small, who were 
classified as minority-owned, woman-owned, disability-
owned and/or LGBTQ+ owned businesses. During its 
most recent audit in 2016, the U.S. Small Business 
Administration recognized Lilly’s efforts to promote and 
maintain supplier diversity as “outstanding” – the highest 
possible rating.

As part of our Racial Justice Commitment, we increased 
our spend with Black-owned businesses by over 50% to 
$220M in 2021. This positions us well toward meeting our 
goal of doubling our spend with Black-owned businesses 
in 2022 from our original 2020 baseline.

We also re-launched the Lilly Mentor Protégé program 
by mentoring seven Black-owned businesses through 
an eight-month structured development program. The 
objective of the program is to develop small/diverse 
suppliers by sharing Lilly methodologies and industry 
best practices to increase the proteges’ readiness for 
future business opportunities. Through this program, the 
supplier builds their network and capabilities for working 
with Lilly and more broadly with other customers. Of the 
seven Black-owned businesses in the program, two were 
new suppliers in 2020, three were added in 2021 as a 
result of the program, and the remaining two suppliers 
are pursuing opportunities at Lilly in 2022.

Externally, we continued to provide strategic leadership 
influence by serving on various boards and committees 
with a number of advocacy organizations, including 
being a leader on the Business Equity for Indiana – 
Procurement Roundtable, which is advocating and 
advancing diverse suppliers. To better support small/
$597 Million
diverse supplier communities and the Racial Justice 
Commitment, we also formed four new corporate 
spent with 487 suppliers, 
partnerships in 2021.
large or small, classified as:
Lilly offers supplier diversity training for procurement 
• minority-owned
and employees. In 2022, we rolled out supplier diversity 
training for management. The training underscores the 
• woman-owned
positive broader economic impact of creating a level 
• disability-owned 
playing field for small and diverse suppliers to compete 
• LGBTQ+ owned
and win business contracts.

2021 Supplier Diversity Spend

w

t
n
e
p
s

M
7
9
5
$

d
n
e
p
S
y
t
i
s
r
e
2021 Supplier Diversity Spend
v
i
D
r
e
i
l
p
p
u
S
1
2
0
2

$578 Million+

spent with 1,141 suppliers 
classified as small businesses

+
n
o
i
l
l
i

s
r
e
i
l
$597 Million
p
p
u
s
spent with 487 suppliers, 
1
4
large or small, classified as:
1
,
1
h
t
i

M
8
7
5
$

w

• minority-owned
• woman-owned
t
n
• disability-owned 
e
p
• LGBTQ+ owned
s

s
e
s
s
e
n
i
s
u
b
l
l
a
m
s
s
a
d
e
i
f
i
s
s
a
l
c

107  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Local Suppliers

Lilly is also committed to working with smaller local 
suppliers where Lilly has facilities, including in Indiana, 
California, Massachusetts, New Jersey, North Carolina 
and Puerto Rico. We actively engage with local suppliers 
and through local advocacy organizations, including:

•  Mid-States Minority Supplier Development Council

•  Puerto Rico Minority Supplier Development Council

•  Great Lakes Women’s Business Council

•  National Association of Women Business Owners 

(NAWBO) in Indianapolis

Indy Chamber Hispanic Business Council

Indy Chamber Business Equity for Indy 
Procurement Roundtable

Indy Black Chamber of Commerce

• 

• 

• 

•  Greater Durham Black Chamber of Commerce

• 

Indianapolis Urban League’s African American Quality 
of Life Initiative.

2021 Supplier Diversity Impact
2021 Supplier Diversity Impact

$1.5 Billion
in economic impact in the U.S., 
including Puerto Rico

More than
10,600 Jobs

More than
$620 Million 
in earnings by people in the jobs 
in Lilly’s supply chain and 
their communities

Jobs generated in our diverse 
supply chain include:

• professional
• scientific
• technical services

108  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyTransparency

IN THIS SECTION 

Transparency 

SASB Index 

SDGs 

TCFD 

UNGC Index 

ESG Data, Reports and Policies 

Download Data Sheet

110

110

116

119

121

124

109  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyTransparency

We believe transparency is important to ensuring accountability for our sustainability strategy, 
programs and performance. We disclose relevant information and progress around the 
management of our ESG priorities and aim to stay up to date with relevant sustainability and  
social impact reporting frameworks and standards that best meet the needs of our stakeholders.

SASB Index

This report outlines how our existing disclosures align with the recommended 
metrics for the SASB Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals standards. All data  
are for the year ended December 31, 2021, unless otherwise noted.

110  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency  
111  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency  
  
112  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency113  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency   
  
114  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency   
   
  
  
Activity Metrics

115  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyUN Sustainable  
Development Goals

As a member of the UN Global Compact, Lilly supports the United Nation’s Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) and works to advance these goals within our sphere of influence. We are inspired by 
the global vision that the SDGs represent — and we are committed to doing our part to contribute. 
You can learn more about our efforts toward the SDGs in these areas of the report.

Our Action: We make life better for 
more than 47 million people around 
the world who use Lilly medicines. 
Through investments in people, 
medicines and health systems, we 
also aim to reach 30 million people 
in resource-limited settings annually 
by 2030. Additionally, in accordance 
with the Doha Declaration on the 
TRIPS Agreement, Lilly doesn't 
pursue or enforce patents in the least 
developed countries.

Access and Affordability, 

Community Engagement, 

Patient Safety, 

Employee Well-Being

Our Action: We're committed to 
improving educational opportunities 
for children living in underserved 
communities in Indianapolis. Lilly 
and the Lilly Foundation focus on 
early childhood education, supporting 
quality schools and STEM (science, 
technology, engineering and 
math) education.

Our Action: We continue to build 
a dynamic, diverse and inclusive 
company by embedding diversity, 
equity and inclusion into our 
leadership, systems and culture. 
DEI is core to our business success 
because it fosters innovation and 
allows us to connect more closely 
with our customers.

Community Engagement

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, 

Employee Well-Being, 

Human Rights

116  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Action: Water is a critical  
resource that Lilly is committed  
to using wisely. We continue to  
assess our water risks as we focus  
on conserving water, reducing  
our intake and improving water 
quality. One-hundred percent of  
Lilly sites will meet predicted  
no-effect concentrations (PNEC)  
for Pharmaceuticals in the 
Environment by 2030.

Our Action: By 2030, 100% of 
purchased electricity at Lilly will 
come from renewable sources 
and we will be carbon neutral in 
our own operations (Scope 1 and 
2 emissions). Additionally, we're 
enhancing the tracking and  
reporting of greenhouse gas 
emissions across our value chain.

Climate

Water, 

Waste

Our Action: At Lilly, we're committed 
to maintaining a safe workplace 
and providing opportunities for 
employees to learn and develop.  
We also believe that doing business 
with a diverse set of suppliers helps 
the company accelerate innovation 
and deliver strong results. In 2021, 
we spent more than $578 million 
USD with 1,141 suppliers classified 
as small businesses.

Employee Well-Being, 

Supply Chain Management

Our Action: We’re partnering 
with industry peers and other 
organizations with proven track 
records to deliver community-based 
health care to 1.7 million people in 
up to six African countries. We also 
work with leading disaster relief 
organizations to provide medicines 
and support people and communities 
to help them recover.

Access and Affordability, 

Community Engagement

Our Action: Lilly and the Lilly 
Foundation launched the Racial 
Justice Commitment, which 
aims to address racial inequality 
and injustices, starting with our 
Indianapolis community and 
expanding on the work we are  
doing inside our company to work 
toward equity for all.

Community Engagement, 

Patient Safety, 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Our Action: We optimize the fuel 
efficiency and reduce the GHG 
emissions generated by our sales 
force fleet by choosing vehicles with 
better fuel economy, and promoting 
driving and work practices that 
emphasize safety and fuel savings. 
We strive for energy efficiency and 
the use of renewable electricity to 
support our operations. 

Climate

117  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Action: We strive to embed 
environmental innovation early  
in the product development  
lifecycle through our focus on  
green chemistry and end-product  
engineering. By 2030, 100% of  
plastic waste will be repurposed 
for beneficial use, with at least 90% 
recycled or reused, and zero waste  
to landfill from routine operations.

Waste, 

Product Stewardship

Our Action: By 2030, 100% of 
purchased electricity at Lilly will 
come from renewable sources 
and we will be carbon neutral in 
our own operations (Scope 1 and 
2 emissions). Additionally, we're 
enhancing the tracking and  
reporting of greenhouse gas 
emissions across our value chain.

Climate

Our Action: Currently, about 80% of 
our endotoxin tests – a mandatory 
quality test for our medicines – use 
a synthetic compound rather than 
bleeding horseshoe crabs. We  
assess our water risks and focus  
on conserving and reducing water 
use and improving water quality.

Water, 

Product Stewardship

Our Action: We train all of our 
employees in ethical business 
practices and have systems in 
place to detect violations of laws, 
regulations and company policies, 
including those related to anti-
corruption. We also expect our 
vendors to abide by Lilly’s human 
rights standards and our Supplier 
Code of Conduct.

Business Ethics, 

Corporate Governance, 

Human Rights

Our Action: Through strategic 
partnerships, Lilly and the Eli Lilly 
and Company Foundation work to 
advance government priorities, 
strengthen local health care systems 
and improve access to care. Lilly 
also establishes key partnerships to 
extend the reach of our impact and 
engage in targeted social issues that 
affect our business and employees, 
with an emphasis on health, racial 
justice and education.

Access and Affordability, 

Community Engagement

118  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyTCFD Metrics

119  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency120  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyUN Global Compact Index

121  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency122  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency123  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyESG Data, Reports and Policies

Policies
•  Public Policies

•  Business Ethics Policies

•  Lilly Business Code of Conduct (The Red Book)

•  Supplier Code of Conduct

•  Protecting People the Environment and Assets

•  Human Rights Policy

•  Privacy Program

•  Tax Principles

•  Principles of Medical Research

•  HCO and HCP Transparency

Other Resources

•  Key Facts

•  Clinical Development Pipeline

•  Current Medicines

•  Executive Committee

•  Board of Directors

•  Recognitions

Investor Information

• 

•  Position Statements

ESG Data
•  Download our full 2021 ESG data

•  View Lilly's environmental data from 2020, including 
our previous environmental goals and progress 
through 2020

•  See additional historical environmental and full  

ESG data in our reporting archives

•  View our latest EEO-1 report

Reports

•  2020 ESG Report Summary and Data

•  ESG reporting archive

•  2021 Year in Review

•  Annual Report and Proxy Statement archive

•  2022 CDP Climate Change Report

•  2022 CDP Water Security Report

•  Bureau Veritas Assurance Statement with 

Verified Data

•  2021 EEO-1 Report

Sustainability Bond

•  2021 Sustainability Bond Allocation Report

•  Press Release: Lilly Prices First Sustainability Bond 

to Advance Global ESG Strategy

•  Sustainability Bond Framework

•  Second Party Opinion

•  USD Tender offer and Marketing Notice for Euro/ 
GBP Bonds with a Sustainability Bond Tranche

124  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyAbout Our ESG Report

This report represents our sustainability performance 
for 2021. Data and other updates contained in this digital 
report are focused on the 2021 calendar year and include 
our global operations, unless otherwise noted. We also 
discuss data and trends from previous years where 
relevant. This report does not include joint ventures, 
partially owned subsidiaries or outsourced operations. To 
extend Lilly’s reach and impact, the company established 
the Eli Lilly and Company Foundation, commonly referred 
to as the Lilly Foundation, in 1968. The Lilly Foundation is 
a private, tax-exempt organization that makes strategic 
and philanthropic investments consistent with Lilly’s 
purpose and is referenced in our reporting.

Lilly provides medicines to separate charitable 
organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to qualifying 
patients. Throughout this report, products are valued at 
wholesale acquisition costs, or WAC.

Lilly follows structured processes to collect, evaluate, 
calculate and validate the data included in this report. 
We consider external standards in deciding what data 
to collect and report. Our global health, safety and the 
environment management (HSE) system is periodically 
reviewed by an independent, accredited auditor to ensure 
conformance with the American Chemistry Council’s 
Responsible Care® Management System requirements.

We use several external guidelines and measurement 
frameworks to inform the scope of our reporting. 
This report has been prepared in accordance with the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
framework for Biotechnology and Pharmaceuticals and 
informed by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD). View all reporting indices and ESG 
data in the Transparency section.

Forward-Looking Statements
The 2021 ESG Report contains forward-looking 
statements that are based on management’s assumptions 
and expectations at the time the statements were 
posted, including statements regarding our sustainability 
targets, goals, commitments and programs and other 
business plans, initiatives, aspirations and objectives. 
These statements are typically accompanied by the words 
“aim”, “hope”, “plan”, “estimate”, “project”, “intend”, 
“expect”, “believe”, “target”, “anticipate” and similar 
expressions. All such statements are intended to enjoy 
the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking 
statements provided by the Private Securities Litigation 
Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Actual results may 
differ materially due to various factors. The company’s 

125  |  2021 ESG Report

sustainability targets, goals, and commitments outlined 
in this report or elsewhere, as well as its operations, 
results, business, goals, and strategy may be affected 
by factors including, but not limited to, the impact of the 
evolving COVID-19 pandemic (or any other public health 
threat) and the global response thereto; the significant 
costs and uncertainties in the pharmaceutical research 
and development process, including with respect to the 
timing and process of obtaining regulatory approvals; 
competitive developments affecting current products 
and the company’s pipeline; regulatory actions regarding 
currently marketed products; litigation, investigations, 
or other similar proceedings involving past, current, or 
future products or commercial activities as the company 
is largely self-insured; the expiration of intellectual 
property protection for certain of our products and 
competition from generic and/or biosimilar products; 
the impact and outcome of business development 
transactions and related integration costs; the 
impact of global macroeconomic conditions, inflation, 
trade disruptions, disputes, unrest, war or costs or 
uncertainties related to doing business in foreign 
jurisdictions; issues with product supply and regulatory 
approvals stemming from manufacturing difficulties, 
disruptions or shortages, including as a result of 
demand, labor shortages, third-party performance or 
regulatory actions relating to our facilities; and changes 
or developments in laws and regulations, including 
health care reform. For additional information about the 
factors that affect the company’s business, please see the 
company’s latest Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and any 8-Ks filed 
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We urge 
you to consider all of the risks, uncertainties and factors 
identified above or discussed in such reports carefully in 
evaluating the forward-looking statements in this report.

Updates to Reported Information

The information in this 2021 ESG Report, including 
the forward -looking statements, are made as of the 
publication date of May 9, 2022, unless otherwise 
indicated, and are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by the risk factors and cautionary statements described 
above and elsewhere in this report. We undertake no 
obligation to update the information or forward-looking 
statements in the report to reflect subsequent events 
or circumstances. More current information on notable 
events about the company’s ESG efforts may be included 
elsewhere in the company’s disclosure, including Forms 
10-K, 10-Q, and any 8-Ks filed with the Securities and 
Exchange Commission, its press releases or the Lilly ESG 
Updates page of the company’s website.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyLilly Corporate Center, Indianapolis, IN 46285 USA  |  317.276.2000  |  Lilly.com

Eli Lilly and Company