2023

Sustainability Report

Table of Contents

A Message from Our CEO  

Sustainability Highlights 

Our Strategy

Our Sustainability Strategy  
and Governance 

3

4

6

Stakeholder Engagement and                              
9
Topic Identification 

Our Sustainability Goals  

Environmental

Our Environmental Approach 

Climate  

Waste 

Water 

Product Stewardship 

Biodiversity 

Social

Our Social Approach 

U.S. Access & Affordability 

Global Access & Health 

Community Engagement 

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 

10

13

14

23

31

36

41

44

45

54

64

70

Employee Experience 

Human Rights 

Patient Safety 

Governance

Our Governance Approach 

Business Ethics 

Corporate Governance 

Supply Chain Management 

Transparency

Transparency 

SASB Index 

SDGs 

TCFD 

UNGC Index 

Reports & Policies 

About Our Sustainability Report  

84

94

98

103

103

110

113

119

119

123

126

127

129

130

Lilly is a medicine company turning science into 

healing to make life better for people around 

the world. We've been pioneering life-changing 

discoveries for nearly 150 years. With each step 

toward a healthier world, we're motivated by one 

thing: making life better for millions more people. 

That includes working to ensure our medicines are 

accessible and affordable.

Our Sustainability site always contains the latest information about our sustainability strategy, goals, progress and data.  

This file is provided as an archive of Lilly's 2023 Sustainability Report.

2  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
A Message  
from Our CEO

David A. Ricks

Chair and CEO

•  Reaching an estimated 18 million people in 
2023 as part of our 30x30 goal of improving 
quality health care for 30 million people living 
in resource-limited settings annually by 2030.

•  Making insulin more affordable, reducing 
the U.S. list price of our most commonly 
prescribed insulins by 70% and capping out-
of-pocket costs at $35 per month1.

As we move forward, sustainability and purpose 
will remain essential to our efforts to advance 
human health and make life better for all our 
stakeholders. Thank you for your interest in our 
work and support of our progress.

Sincerely,

David A. Ricks

Chair and CEO

Download our 2023 Sustainability Data

See important information about our 
Sustainability Report

My signature above affirms our company’s ongoing commitment and our intent to support and 
advance the United Nations Global Compact’s ten universally accepted principles in the areas 
of human rights, labor, environment, and anti-corruption, in addition to the United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals.

1. Terms and conditions apply.

To Our Stakeholders:

As a medicine company dedicated to improving 
human health for nearly 150 years, Lilly unites 
caring and discovery to create medicines that 
make life better for people around the world. 
Driven by this purpose, we work to launch 
innovative breakthroughs for serious diseases, 
strengthen our communities and serve as good 
stewards of our natural resources.

This holistic approach to sustainability has 
always been integral to how we operate. We 
continue to set aggressive goals, report on 
our progress and hold ourselves accountable. 
Sustainability highlights since our last 
report include:

•  Advancing toward our 2030 climate goals of 
being carbon neutral in our own operations 
and purchasing all our electricity from 
renewable sources. We purchased 28% of our 
electricity from renewable sources in 2023 
and reduced our greenhouse gas emissions 
by 26% since 2020, while our business 
has grown.

•  Signing a renewable power purchase 

agreement for a new large-scale wind farm, 
which will generate approximately 450,000 
megawatt-hours per year of renewable 
energy, representing over 90% of our 
electrical demand in North America.

•  Providing $4.3 billion in medicines in 2023 to 
charitable organizations that offer medicines 
at no cost to qualifying patients around the 
world. This included more than $68 million 
in medicines to humanitarian organizations 
that support disaster preparedness, disaster 
relief and humanitarian aid.

3  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencySustainability Highlights

$35 or Less 
Per Month

for Lilly insulin1

$4.3 Billion in Free 
Medicines Provided in 
2023 

including $68 million 
in disaster relief and 
humanitarian assistance2

Reduced 
Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions by 26%

from 2020 to 2023, while 
our overall business 
has grown

Purchased 28.4%

of our electricity from 
renewable sources

49% Women in 
Management Globally

24% of U.S. management 
positions held by minority 
group members3

~$1.5 Billion

spent with approximately 1,600 
small and/or diverse suppliers 
in 2023

1.  Terms and conditions apply.

2.  Includes value of medicines provided by Lilly and its affiliates to charitable organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to qualifying patients. Product donations valued at wholesale acquisition cost.

3.  As of end of year 2023. 

Recognitions
At Lilly, we constantly strive to be leaders in diversity and inclusion, research and development, social impact, and 
employee benefits. We’ve received recognition from several distinguished organizations for our efforts. 
See our recent recognitions

4  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Strategy

IN THIS SECTION 

Our Sustainability Strategy       
and Governance 

Stakeholder Engagement  
and Topic Identification 

6

9

Download Data Sheet

5  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
Our Sustainability Strategy 
and Governance

Our sustainability strategy and efforts directly support Lilly’s purpose to discover and develop medicines that 
make life better. We are striving to: 

Expand equitable access to medicines for more people around the world

Improve health care for people living in areas with limited resources

Strengthen communities and address social issues that matter to our business, 
employees and society 

Empower a diverse workforce, harnessing a variety of perspectives to discover 
and deliver medicines 

Reduce our environmental impact across the life cycles of our products and our 
supply chains 

Operate ethically and responsibly, guided by our core values of integrity, 
excellence and respect for people

Our sustainability goals are integrated into our business strategy and operations. We set ambitious, 
measurable goals and report on our progress through this site and other communications with 
stakeholders. 

6  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Assessing and responding to sustainability 

regulations 

•  Leading formal, periodic sustainability strategy 

updates 

Integrating and institutionalizing sustainability 

• 

topics throughout Lilly 

•  Facilitating execution of sustainability reporting 

activities. 

Our Board is actively engaged in the identification 
and oversight of strategic sustainability matters 
at Lilly. Our CEO and Executive Committee are 
responsible for management of our sustainability 
goals and their contribution to achieving our 
sustainability commitments is embedded into their 
personal performance evaluations. In addition, 
we actively engage our global employees in our 
sustainability efforts where they may have individual 
and collective impact. 

Central to our sustainability management and 
implementation is our Sustainability Governance 
Committee, which reports to senior leadership and 
has a broad sustainability mandate that includes: 

•  Leading the coordination of sustainability strategy 
•  Evaluating Lilly’s sustainability approach 

compared to peers and the broader environment 

Sustainability Governance

Our Board and management are actively engaged in the assessment, management and oversight of 
matters pertinent to our business.

Learn more

7  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyLilly’s Sustainability Priorities

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Climate

U.S. Access & Affordability

Business Ethics

Water

Global Access & Health 

Corporate Governance

Waste

Community Engagement

Supply Chain Management

Product Stewardship

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

Biodiversity

Employee Experience

Patient Safety

Human Rights

8  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyStakeholder Engagement  
and Topic Identification

Lilly solicits input from internal and external people and 
organizations to better determine the sustainability issues 
that matter most to our company and stakeholders. We 
obtain input and prioritization from:

•  Shareholders

•  Customers

•  Lilly Board and Executive Committee

•  Employees

•  Advocacy organizations

•  Non-governmental organizations

Industry organizations

• 

•  Community organizations

•  Students and prospective employees

In addition to engaging with stakeholders, we frequently 
conduct peer benchmarking and integrate industry 
and sustainability trends. We also leverage relevant 
sustainability reporting frameworks, including the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and 
Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 
(TCFD). 

Through this process, we focus on the 15 sustainability 
topics noted above, which represent important issues 
to internal and external stakeholders and are key to 
our company’s long-term success. These topics are 
aligned with the SASB standards for the Biotechnology 
and Pharmaceutical industry, as well as environmental 
issues addressed by TCFD. Our sustainability strategy is 
dynamic, and we review these priorities periodically to 
align our approach with topics that are relevant for Lilly, 
our stakeholders and our industry.

Our Commitment  
to the Sustainable 
Development Goals
Learn more about our efforts

Sustainability Bond
In 2021, Lilly issued its first sustainability bond to 
advance our global sustainability strategy. In line with 
Lilly’s Sustainability Bond Framework, we aim to allocate 
proceeds from the bond to eligible projects that will 
advance our efforts to increase access to medicines, 
improve lives and communities, empower a diverse 
workforce, minimize environmental impact and operate 
ethically and responsibly. 

See Our Most Recent Sustainability Bond 
Allocation Report

9  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Sustainability Goals

We strive to set measurable goals to track the progress and performance of our sustainability strategy. 
Our goals help drive accountability and are grounded in our purpose to create medicines that make 
life better.

Minimize Our Environmental Impact
Climate

Renewable Electricity

Carbon Neutrality

We’re committed to source 
100% of purchased electricity 
from renewable sources 
by 2030.

See Our Progress

We’re committed to be 
carbon neutral in our own 
operations (Scope 1 and 
2 emissions) by 2030 and 
enhance our full value-chain 
emissions reporting.

See Our Progress

Waste & Water

Waste and Plastics

Water Security

Our goal is to have zero waste 
go to landfills from routine 
operations and have 100% of 
plastic waste repurposed for 
beneficial use, with at least 
90% recycled or reused. We’re 
also committed to integrating 
sustainability-focused design 
principles into product and 
packaging design processes.

See Our Progress

We’re committed to maintaining 
that 100% of Lilly sites 
meet predicted no-effect 
concentrations (PNEC) for 
Pharmaceuticals in the 
Environment and establishing 
and conforming to water 
management plans for Lilly 
sites in water-stressed areas.

See Our Progress

10  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
 
 
 
Create Lasting Social Impact
Increase Access to Medicines and Quality Health Care 

Reach 30 Million People by 2030

See Our Progress

Improve Lives and Communities

Improve Supplier Diversity

Meet or Exceed Commitments to 
Combat Racial Injustice

About $1.5 billion spent with 
approximately 1,600 small and/
or diverse suppliers in 2023.

See Our Progress

$19 million committed by the 
Lilly Foundation through 2023; 
Lilly employees reached the 
company's goal of 25,000 hours 
of volunteer service to combat 
racial injustice in 2022, and 
many continue to volunteer 
for organizations working in 
this space

See Our Progress

Empower a Diverse Workforce

Address Underrepresentation

Zero Injuries

We’re committed to addressing 
underrepresentation in our 
workforce as measured against 
the representation of available 
and qualified talent in the 
labor market. We continue 
to make progress through 
efforts designed to broaden the 
diversity of our candidate pools 
and reduce impediments to 
equal employment opportunity 
that may exist.

See Our Progress

11  |  2023 Sustainability Report

We strive to achieve zero 
severe injuries, with a focus on 
continuous improvement. We 
monitor and respond to leading 
and lagging metrics connected 
to our safety priorities and 
improving safety culture.

See Our Progress

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
 
 
 
 
Environmental

IN THIS SECTION 

Our Environmental Approach 

Climate  

Waste 

Water 

Product Stewardship 

Biodiversity 

Download Data Sheet

13

14

23

31

36

41

12  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Environmental Approach

Our purpose, to make life better, includes protecting and preserving the world we live in. Making 
medicines requires the use of valuable resources including energy, water and raw materials. 
We’re committed to reducing our environmental footprint. To track our progress, we measure and 
manage energy and water use, greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and the generation of waste and 
wastewater throughout our operations. Lilly manages health, safety and the environment (HSE) 
under a unified governance structure.

Our 2030 Environmental Goals

Climate

Waste

Water

Carbon neutral  
in our own operations

100%  
renewable electricity

Enhance  
full value-chain  
emissions reporting

Zero  
waste to landfill from 
routine operations

100%  
of plastic waste repurposed for  
beneficial use with at least  
90% recycled or reused

Integrate sustainability  
into product and  
packaging design

No adverse impact 
to water-stressed areas

No adverse impact 
from pharmaceuticals  
in the environment

13  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyClimate

Management Approach
Lilly acknowledges that climate change is negatively 
impacting human and environmental health. Action 
against climate change is required to achieve the 
goals of the Paris Agreement and to avoid the most 
detrimental effects of climate change by limiting the 
global temperature rise to 1.5 °C. Lilly is taking action to 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions within our operations 
and along our value chain. We have assessed our Scope 
3 emissions and progressed in our journey to identify 
climate-related risks and opportunities in our business. 

As a global medicine company, we recognize our 
responsibility to reduce our carbon footprint and manage 
climate-related risks and opportunities to support 
the transition to a low carbon economy. Lilly supports 
the Paris Climate Agreement, discloses information 
according to recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and strives 
to implement these recommendations across the TCFD 
categories of Governance, Strategy, Risk Management 
and Metrics & Targets. For more information, see our 
TCFD metrics.

As Lilly continues to expand its global presence and 
innovate in the pharmaceutical sector, we recognize the 
importance of aligning growth with our sustainability 
goals. Our projected growth trajectory entails careful 
consideration of its impact on our carbon footprint, 
resource consumption and waste generation. At Lilly, 
we are committed to implementing a range of initiatives 
to advance environmental sustainability across our 
operations and value chain. This includes initiatives to 
enhance energy efficiency across our operations and 
investments in renewable energy sources to reduce 

IN THIS SECTION 
 › Climate Action Strategy

 › 2030 Climate Goals and Progress to Date

 › Recent Achievements

 › Reducing Energy and Emissions

 › Reducing Emissions through Cleaner Energy

 › Scope 3 Emissions and Supply Chain Engagement

 › Off-setting through Carbon Removal Projects

 › Climate Performance Data

14  |  2023 Sustainability Report

reliance on fossil fuels and decrease greenhouse 
gas emissions. These efforts are aimed at reducing 
environmental impacts while fostering sustainable 
business growth. 

Climate Action Strategy
To mitigate the impact of Lilly’s business operations on 
the environment and achieve our 2030 goals, described 
below, we are applying a three-pronged approach: 

1.  Reducing our energy and emissions by making our 

overall operations more efficient 

2.  Replacing carbon-intensive processes and energy 

sources with low-carbon alternatives 

3.  Offsetting remaining emissions and energy sources 
that could not be reduced or replaced, by purchasing 
emissions offsets from high-quality, third-party 
verified carbon reduction projects (note: it is not 
currently possible to eliminate all emissions sources 
or transition all direct energy supplies to renewable 
sources). 

See our CDP Climate response for more information 
regarding our governance and approach to climate 
change and related risks and opportunities.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEnhance tracking and reporting of emissions from our 
Scope 3 (value-chain)

In 2024, we assessed our Scope 3 (value-chain) emissions 
for the 2023 calendar year. This complex assessment 
was completed, verified and reported in August 2024. 
The emissions associated with our value chain account 
for approximately 90% of our total GHG emissions, with 
Category 1 (Purchased Goods and Services), Category 2 
(Capital Goods) and Category 4 (Upstream Transportation 
and Distribution) being the largest contributors. Refer to 
our Scope 3 Emissions and Supply Chain Engagement 
section below for further details.

2030 Climate Goals and  
Our Progress to Date
Lilly is committed to reducing our greenhouse gas 
emissions, and prioritizing energy efficiency to become a 
more climate-resilient organization. We have set climate 
goals for 2030 as we work toward contributing to a 
low-carbon economy:

Secure 100% of our purchased electricity from 
renewable sources

Through the end of 2023, 28.4% of our purchased 
electricity – 185,770 MWh – came from 
renewable sources.

As members of RE100, we are focusing our efforts 
to bring renewable electricity onto the grid, using a 
three-pronged approach.

•  On-Site Generation: The first, and most effective 

effort, is implementing direct renewable electricity 
through on-site solar installation. We have established 
on-site solar arrays at our sites in France, Ireland, 
India, Italy, Spain and Puerto Rico. We aim to expand 
our use of on-site solar generation where possible 
at existing sites and implement on-site solar arrays 
at our new manufacturing sites as we expand our 
footprint to support business growth.

•  Purchased Renewable Electricity: We are actively 
purchasing renewable energy from our utility 
providers across our sites in Germany, India, Ireland, 
Spain, Switzerland and the UK.

•  Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs): Lilly 

purchases renewable energy credits as part of our 
efforts to transition to 100% renewable electricity. We 
purchase RECs associated with renewable electricity 
sources in the regions where we operate and in 
alignment with RE100 technical criteria.

Become carbon neutral in our own operations (Scope 1 
and 2 emissions)

Lilly strives to be carbon neutral in our own operations 
by 2030, and we are working to reduce greenhouse gas 
emissions throughout our operations. Our strategy is to 
first reduce emissions as much as possible internally 
before we consider offsets to cover the remaining 
emissions. From 2020 to 2023, we achieved a 26% 
absolute emissions reduction in our own operations and 
3% year-on-year reduction from 2022. This reduction was 
driven by energy efficiency improvements and increased 
use of our renewable electricity, which was partially offset 
by business growth at existing sites and the startup of a 
new manufacturing facility in North Carolina. 

15  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyRecent Achievements

Performance Highlights

Memberships and Investments

Reducing Energy and 
Emissions

In 2023, our energy consumption increased compared 
to 2022 due to the start-up of a new Lilly manufacturing 
facility in the Research Triangle Park in North Carolina 
and increased manufacturing production at other sites. 
Although our energy consumption increased, we were 
able to reduce our carbon emissions by transitioning 
to cleaner and more efficient technologies that help 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions associated with this 
energy. We continue to emphasize energy efficiency at our 
facilities, including: 

•  Utilizing Leadership in Energy and Environmental 

Design (LEED) principles as a framework for healthy, 
efficient and more sustainable buildings in new and 
updated facilities, facilitating the use of advanced 
energy monitoring and control solutions, conducting 
energy assessments, and evaluating and incorporating 
alternative energy sources. 

16  |  2023 Sustainability Report

•  Participating in local, regional and national forums 
to understand and integrate energy management 
best practices, and to support responsible 
and cost-effective decision-making and policy 
development. Examples of participation include the 
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s ENERGY 
STAR Pharmaceutical Focus Group, the Association 
of Energy Engineers, and the American Society 
of Heating, Refrigerating, and Air-Conditioning 
Engineers. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEncouraging Efficiency Across Our 
Operations

In 2006, we established the Energy, Waste and Water 
Reduction Fund to encourage projects that demonstrate 
the greatest potential for reductions in emissions and 
energy use but are not funded by site capital budgets. 
Since then, we have approved over $53 million in funds 
supporting more than 200 projects. Since the inception 
of the program, these projects collectively saved more 
than one trillion BTUs of energy annually, avoiding 
approximately 133,000 metric tonnes of greenhouse 
gas emissions each year, measured as carbon 
dioxide equivalents.

We also actively recognize innovation and excellence in 
Health, Safety and the Environment (HSE) management 
by granting annual HSE awards. Nominations represent 
a significant accomplishment, and the awards recognize 
our employees for helping Lilly achieve energy and 
greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals and other 
HSE improvements. Projects are also assessed on their 
potential to scale in other areas across the company.

Recent Energy Initiatives

•  HVAC Systems Optimization – Sites in Fegersheim, 

France; Kinsale, Ireland; Puerto Rico; and 
Indianapolis, Indiana have implemented projects 
related to energy reduction in HVAC systems. These 
projects include installation of new generators, 
installing heat recovery systems and system 
optimizations. Collectively, we expect that these 
initiatives will reduce energy consumption at these 
sites by an estimated 2,000 megawatt-hours per year.

In 2023, our site in Kinsale, Ireland implemented 
several energy efficiency measures. The site optimized 
its combined heat and power system usage, started 
a new 2.5 megawatt solar photovoltaic system, 
optimized lighting and implemented air change 
reductions in their laboratory locations. Altogether, 
these projects are estimated to have reduced the 
site’s energy consumption by approximately 20,700 
megawatt-hours per year.

•  Chiller System Optimization – Chilled water and 
cooling systems are some of the highest energy 
consuming systems in pharmaceutical operations, 
and they continued to be a focus for our engineering 
resources in 2023. Examples of some of the chiller 
system optimization projects include installation of 
higher efficiency chillers at our site in Indianapolis and 
completion of a substantial efficiency upgrade of the 
chilled water system at our site in Puerto Rico.

17  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyReducing Emissions through Cleaner Energy
We continue to evaluate how to improve our energy resiliency and expand our use of renewable electricity consistent with 
our goal to diversify our energy sources and decrease our greenhouse gas emissions over time.

Enhancing the Use of Renewables

In 2023, 28.4% of our purchased electricity was secured from renewable sources. We have reduced greenhouse gas 
emissions at key facilities by leveraging on-site solar generation. See locations and examples below.

Additionally, at the end of 2023, Lilly signed a renewable power purchase agreement to procure approximately 450,000 
megawatt hours per year of renewable electricity from a newly constructed wind farm. We anticipate the new wind farm 
will be online at the end of 2025. This will provide a significant portion of Lilly’s renewable electricity needs as we expand 
our manufacturing footprint to meet the global demands for our medicines while progressing toward our goal of achieving 
100% renewable electricity by 2030.

Global Solar Installations

Solar array at Lilly’s Carolina, Puerto Rico facility.

Parking canopy solar array at Lilly’s Fegersheim, 
France location.

Solar array at Lilly’s Kinsale, Ireland location.

18  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEnergy Resiliency

Energy resiliency is about ensuring our facilities have a 
reliable supply of energy and contingency measures in 
place in the event of a power failure.

Combined heat and power systems provide energy 
resilience by supplying electricity and thermal energy 
to facilities on a continuous basis with the ability to 
operate independently from the grid. This reduces 
the risks associated with energy supply disruptions or 
climate-related events.

At the end of 2022, we brought a new tri-generation 
(trigen) system on-line at our Sesto, Italy site. This 
highly efficient system combusts natural gas to generate 
electricity. Heat from the engine is then utilized to 
generate thermal energy (steam and hot water) and 
chilled water. 2023 represented the first full year of 
service for this new system, which contributed efficiency 
improvements at the site.

Fleet Fuel Economy

Our GREENDirections program, which applies to Lilly’s 
sales and marketing affiliates around the world, focuses 
on fleet fuel economy and greenhouse gas emissions 
reduction, office energy conservation and waste 
reduction. Each year, our affiliates look for opportunities 
to enhance their environmental performance.

We optimize the fuel efficiency and reduce the 
greenhouse gas emissions generated by our sales force 
fleet by choosing vehicles with better fuel economy and 
promoting driving and work practices that emphasize 
safety and fuel savings. We have introduced hybrid or 
electric fleet vehicles in several geographies where 
infrastructure is available. For example, Lilly’s fleet in 
Japan consists of approximately 80% hybrid vehicles, 
our UK fleet consists of approximately 50% hybrid 
vehicles and several of our European affiliates have 
begun including electric vehicles in their fleet offering. 
By centrally managing vehicle selection across the 
EU, Japan and the U.S., we improve efficiency and 
promote the implementation of strong safety and 
environmental standards.

Scope 3 Emissions and 
Supply Chain Engagement
The Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Standard 
classifies Scope 3 emissions as indirect greenhouse 
gas emissions (not included in Scope 2) that occur in 
an organization’s value chain. There are 15 categories 
in Scope 3 divided into upstream emissions (activities 
related to manufacturing of our products) and 
downstream emissions (activities related to distribution 
and use of our products). The emissions associated with 
our value chain account for approximately 90% of our 
total GHG emissions, with Category 1 (Purchased Goods 
and Services), Category 2 (Capital Goods) and Category 
4 (Upstream Transportation and Distribution) being the 
largest contributors.

In 2023, Lilly's total Scope 3 emissions were 5,139,500 
metric tonnes CO2e. Our increase in Scope 3 emissions 
versus the prior year is primarily attributed to the 
increased spend on purchased goods and services driven 
by the company's accelerated growth during this period. 
Additionally, other contributing factors include external 
updates to the US Environmentally-Extended Input-
Output (USEEIO) codes and the associated emission 
factors, and other evolutionary methodology changes that 
further influenced the overall increase in our calculated 
Scope 3 emissions. In an evolving Scope 3 data capture 
and calculation environment, we expect to consider 
best practices each year to provide best estimates 
where possible.

We are working to advance transparency across our value 
chain, including in our Scope 3 emissions. We have begun 
to engage with key suppliers and identify areas of our 
value chain where we could potentially drive emissions 
reductions. We intend to use the data gathered through 
our supplier engagement efforts to inform our evolving 
supply chain strategy related to climate change.

Our aim is to find ways to collaborate across our 
industry peers and supply chain sectors to advance our 
understanding of our entire value chain, their activities 
and impact on our Scope 3 emissions. We are also 
investigating opportunities to engage with suppliers to 
better track and analyze our supply chain emissions. 
Please refer to the 2023 Scope 3 Emissions Breakdown 
graphic for more details.

19  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency2023 Scope 3 Emissions Breakdown

Green Logistics

For several years, our Green Logistics initiatives have 
been integral in reducing emissions in our supply chain. 
By shifting the transportation of products and materials 
to less carbon-intensive methods such as ocean shipping 
versus air, transitioning to reusable shipping containers 
and implementing recycling programs, we have taken 
steps to reduce emissions and waste generated within 
our supply chain.

We employ green logistics strategies and programs to 
better track and reduce emissions, including:

•  Air-to-Ocean Project – Launched in 2015, the Air-

to-Ocean project aims to shift global transportation 
from air to sea freight, where practical, which has a 
substantially lower carbon footprint.

20  |  2023 Sustainability Report

•  CO2 Dashboard – To support more informed decisions 
about climate impact, we created a CO2 dashboard 
to track the relative carbon footprint of different 
transportation options. The dashboard enables our 
logistics team to compare the CO2 emissions for 
shipping routes and transportation modes from 
logistics partners.

Off-setting through Carbon 
Removal Projects
While our primary strategy is to directly reduce emissions 
and replace carbon-intensive sources with clean energy 
sources where possible, to achieve carbon neutrality 
we recognize the remaining emissions will need to be 
offset by purchasing certificates from climate protection 
projects with recognized quality standards. In 2023, we did 
not purchase any carbon offsets. The decision to purchase 
offsets will be made based on the remaining emissions 
that cannot be eliminated.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyClimate Performance Data

Greenhouse Gas 
Emissions (Market-Based)(1)

Greenhouse Gas Emissions 
(Scope 1 and Scope 2) 
(metric tonnes CO2e)2

Scope 1

Scope 23

Value-chain Greenhouse 
Gas Emissions

Scope 3 Emissions  
(metric tonnes CO2e)4

2020

2021

2022

2023

710,000

623,000

545,000

527,000

159,000

157,000

171,000

182,000

551,000

466,000

374,000

345,000

2020

2021

2022

2023

176,000 
(limited data 
scope - see 
footnote 4)

2,987,000

3,179,000

5,139,500

Energy

2020

2021

2022

2023

Total Energy Consumption 
(million BTUs)

Direct Energy Consumption 
(million BTUs)5

Indirect Energy Consumption 
(million BTUs)5

6,200,000

6,100,000

6,130,000

7,240,000

1,700,000

1,600,000

1,950,000

2,910,000

4,500,000

4,500,000

4,180,000

4,330,000

Renewable Electricity

7%

9.6%

14.4%

28.4%

21  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyClimate Performance Data Cont'd

Climate Goals

2030 Goal

2023 Performance

100% Renewable Electricity

100%

28.4%

Carbon Neutral   
(Market-Based Scope 1 and Scope 2)

Carbon Neutral

527,000 tonnes C02e

Enhance Tracking and Reporting 
of Full Value-Chain Emissions 
(Scope 3)

N/A

On Track

Footnotes

Note: Data may be revised compared to prior reports due to changes in calculation methodology and other factors. Some segments do not add up to totals due to rounding. 

Note: Bureau Veritas was engaged by Eli Lilly and Company to provide limited assurance over the specified 2023 environmental performance data presented in alignment with Lilly’s basis of reporting  
for key environmental sustainability indicators. 

1.  A location-based method reflects the average emissions intensity of grids on which energy consumption occurs (using mostly grid-average emission factor data). A market-based method reflects 

emissions from electricity that companies have purposefully chosen (or their lack of choice). It derives emission factors from contractual instruments, which include any type of contract between two 
parties for the sale and purchase of energy bundled with attributes about the energy generation, or for unbundled attribute claims. See GHP Protocol Scope 2 Guidance. In 2020, Lilly did not differentiate 
between market-based and location-based emissions calculations. 

2.  Includes Scope 1 emissions and energy from onsite fuel combustion, refrigerants, process emissions and mobile combustion sources; and Scope 2 emissions and energy from site-purchased energy 

(i.e., electricity, steam and chilled water). For smaller locations not billed directly to Lilly, data are estimated based on square footage. 

3.  For Scope 2, production mix emission factors from carbonfootprint.com are used to calculate emissions for all electricity usage outside the US except for Canada, UK, and Australia. The production mix 

emission factors account for both scope 2 and scope 3 FERA emissions, which is aligned with what was used in the 2022 inventory.

4.  All 15 categories within the Scope 3 emissions have been assessed, verified and reported.

5.  Data includes energy from combustion of coal, fuel oil, natural gas and liquid propane. 2023 onwards, this data also includes energy used by aircraft, sales fleet and on-site generated renewable 

electricity. 

22  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
Waste

Management Approach
At Lilly, we are committed to minimizing waste to 
conserve energy, resources and landfill space. We 
understand that the most effective way to reduce waste 
is to not create it in the first place. We are committed 
to green chemistry and efficiency, and endeavor to reduce 
waste at the source, including minimizing the use of 
hazardous materials that can often become hazardous 
waste at the end of the manufacturing process. We 
explore ways to reuse materials from our processes and 
send waste for recycling when feasible. For the remaining 
waste, we recover energy when possible and treat waste 
to reduce toxicity and volume. We strive to only send 
waste to landfills as a last resort or when legally required. 
We also recognize plastic waste is one of our world’s 
most pressing issues and are taking steps to reduce 
our footprint.

IN THIS SECTION 
 › 2030 Waste Goals and Our Progress to Date

 › Recent Achievements

 › Managing Waste Across Our Operations

 › Plastic Waste Reduction Efforts

 ›

Integrating Sustainability into Our Product and 
Packaging Design Processes

 › Waste Performance Data

23  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Waste Strategy

Our waste strategy follows a hierarchy that prioritizes 
eliminating waste (reduce), followed by reuse, recycling 
and consuming our waste for energy as illustrated by 
the graphic.

2030 Waste Goals and  
Our Progress to Date
In 2021, we established new waste goals to reduce landfill 
waste, address plastic waste from our operations and 
support integration of sustainability into the designs of 
our products. 

Zero waste to landfill from routine operations 

In 2023, 16 out of Lilly’s 29 facilities achieved the zero-
landfill target, resulting in 2% of our waste from routine 
operations being sent to landfill. While the number of our 
facilities reaching the zero-landfill target increased, there 
was a small overall increase from 2022 in the aggregate 
percentage of routine operations waste being sent to 
landfill, which was driven by an operational matter with 
one of our internal waste management processes and on-
boarding a new manufacturing site. We do not anticipate 
that these drivers will impede our long-term goal. 

100% of plastic waste repurposed for beneficial use, 
with at least 90% recycled or reused 

In 2023, we were able to repurpose 97.1% of plastic 
waste for beneficial use (reuse/recycle/waste-to-
energy), primarily driven by recycling of plastics from 
our manufacturing processes and incoming packaging 
material. Of this plastic waste, 88.4% was recycled or 
reused, bringing us close to our 90% goal. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyRecent Achievements
Integrating sustainability-focused design principles into 
product and packaging design processes

•  We continue to build on efforts to incorporate 

sustainability into the lifecycle of our products, 
delivery devices and packaging with waste reduction in 
mind. We strive to develop products that are inclusive, 
trustworthy and sustainable. Learn more about our 
approach to integrating sustainability into our product 
and packaging designs.

Managing Waste Across  
Our Operations
In 2023, Lilly generated 118,000 metric tonnes of waste, 
representing a 9% reduction in total waste versus 
2020. This reduction was achieved while increasing 
manufacturing production rates across the same period. 
Most of the waste (84%) generated by Lilly is considered 
non-hazardous by relevant regulatory authorities. The 
remaining 16% of waste we generate that is considered 
hazardous is carefully stored and packaged, and shipped 
to approved treatment facilities, some of which recover 
energy from the waste. We strive to only send hazardous 
waste to landfills when there is no other option or when 
required by law.

Plastic Waste Reduction Efforts
We are focused on minimizing our plastic waste footprint. 
To do this, we reduce the generation of plastic waste 
where possible, identify where recycled plastic materials 
are suitable for use in our processes and maximize the 
reuse and recycling of plastic waste. When reduction, 
reuse and recycling are not viable, we send plastic waste 
to a facility that converts waste into energy. 

In 2021, Lilly began developing processes for measuring 
and reporting plastic waste. We use both quantitative and 
qualitative measurement systems. These systems allow 
us to estimate our current progress relative to our plastic 
waste goals, and we strive to improve these measurement 
systems over time. 

24  |  2023 Sustainability Report

As noted, we were able to repurpose 97.1% of our plastic 
waste for beneficial use (reuse/recycle/waste-to-energy) 
in 2023, primarily driven by recycling of plastics from 
our manufacturing processes and incoming packaging 
material. Of our total plastic waste, approximately 88.4% 
was recycled or reused. While these numbers are close 
to our established plastic waste goals, we anticipate that 
it will take significant efforts – such as new technologies 
and innovative external capacity – to achieve 100% 
beneficial use and at least 90% reused or recycled.

Plastic Reuse and Recycling at Indianapolis 
Manufacturing Facility

As part of our commitment to continually improve our 
environmental impact, we optimize plastic use at our 
manufacturing facility in Indianapolis through a reuse and 
recycling program. As part of this program, approximately 
3,300 metric tonnes of packaging from incoming materials 
are sent to our recycling partner annually. The diverted 
plastics are used as feedstocks for other products such as 
composite decking, furniture and carpet padding.

Reducing Waste from Our Cafeterias

At our headquarters in Indianapolis, Indiana we have 
eliminated nearly all polystyrene foam materials from our 
cafeterias and transitioned to biobased to-go containers 
and other more environmentally friendly materials.

In 2023, we transitioned the majority of our plastic 
bottled drinks to aluminum cans within our Indianapolis 
campuses, which yielded multifaceted benefits. This 
initiative reduced our plastic consumption, evidenced 
by a decrease of 107,000 plastic bottles annually. 
Additionally, the shift to aluminum, which boasts higher 
recycling rates than plastic, aligns with our environmental 
sustainability goals.

In our Indianapolis facilities over the last five years, we 
have collected and recycled beverage bottles, cans and 
food-related cardboard shipping containers resulting in 
over 1,000 tons of mixed recyclables over the last five 
years. We have also collected and composted more than 
26 tons of kitchen prep food waste, which was used to 
augment fertilizer needs for a commercial farm.

At our facilities in Europe, our food service providers have 
focused on elimination of single-use plastics for items 
such as cutlery, plates, drink accessories (stirrers and 
straws) and take-away bags.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyIntegrating Sustainability 
into Our Product and 
Packaging Design Processes
To support our 2030 waste goals, we continue to build on 
efforts to incorporate sustainability into the lifecycle of 
our products, delivery devices and packaging, with waste 
reduction in mind. Our goal is to integrate sustainability-
focused design principles into future product and 
packaging design processes, while identifying and 
evaluating opportunities to enhance our current portfolio 
including labeling in some markets that will better inform 
the patient on disposal. We aspire to develop products 
that are inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable.

We aim to make our products more sustainable without 
sacrificing safety, user experience or patient outcomes. 
We strive to position our products at the top of our 
“reduce, reuse, recycle” waste hierarchy, and design 
for recyclability while also reducing medical waste 
and electronic waste. We are investing to research and 
identify renewable/bio-based materials to make our 
future packaging and devices more sustainable and we 
are exploring collaborations and partnerships with our 
key materials suppliers to evaluate the feasibility for 
improving the sustainability of existing devices. 

Lilly has developed a Design for Sustainability Guidebook 
to support the design of our next generation of delivery 
devices to meet Lilly’s environmental goals. The 
guidebook is used internally to provide insights into 
sustainability approaches in device and secondary 
packaging design, materials, and recycling. It aims 
to increase knowledge in this space and explore best 
practices when designing our devices and packaging in a 
regulated environment.

Inclusive

We strive to design intuitive experiences 
that are inclusive of the unique 
capabilities and changing conditions of 
people around the world and that meet 
their diverse abilities and needs.

Trustworthy

Sustainable

We demonstrate care and compassion 
for people and aim to create devices 
and packaging that are consistent, 
reliable and easy to learn and use across 
all touchpoints.

We strive to design our therapies, 
devices, packaging and experiences 
for longevity and minimal 
environmental impact.

25  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyDrug Delivery Devices

For Lilly’s existing drug delivery devices, we focus on the selection of materials and waste reduction and recyclability 
strategies to improve sustainability. We strive to incorporate additional sustainable design elements into future platforms.

Sustainable Design Strategy

26  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Packaging Improvements – We strive to optimize the 

size of our product packaging. We have also developed 
alternatives for packaging used throughout our 
manufacturing processes, from in-process to final 
packaging, which allows for reuse or recycling and 
improves efficiency as we transport products globally. 
In addition, we are working to better inform our 
patients about recyclability or appropriate disposal of 
our products' packaging materials.

•  Working with Third-Party Suppliers – We continue to 
engage with our key suppliers of device and packaging 
components to better evaluate alternate low-carbon 
material and recycling options to reduce waste.

Long-Term Initiatives

•  Next-Generation Delivery Devices – For our next 
generation of devices, we strive to apply learnings 
from our lifecycle analysis studies to better design 
and develop future devices with lower environmental 
impact. Our recently developed Design for 
Sustainability Guidebook aims to help our internal 
device teams improve designs and develop more 
environmentally friendly devices. We are continuing to 
advance our efforts in this area and aspire to develop 
durable, reusable devices that help minimize reduce 
medical and electronic waste.

•  Packaging Optimization – We are working to reduce 
packaging and transition to eco-friendly materials 
where possible. Additionally, the pharmaceutical 
industry has begun to evaluate the potential to move, 
as the default, to electronic patient information 
leaflets instead of printed materials. We recognize 
there are many aspects to consider, such as 
regulatory requirements, patient preference and 
access to technology. However, we are committed to 
working with stakeholders to assess and understand 
opportunities to reduce waste through technology 
advancements and digitization.

•  Take-Back and Recycling – We are exploring new 

ways to address end-of-lifecycle product waste. We 
have initiated pilot programs for device take-back and 
recycling processes, however, these solutions are not 
yet available in all geographies or at large scale. Learn 
more about our Product Stewardship efforts.

Sustainability Roadmap

Current Initiatives

•  Lifecycle Assessment (LCA) – We have advanced our 
understanding of the carbon footprint for multiple 
devices, including both existing devices and devices 
in development, by conducting detailed lifecycle 
analyses of these devices. The lifecycle analyses were 
conducted in accordance with ISO 14040, which is a 
recognized international standard for assessment of 
the environmental aspects of a product or service in 
its entire lifecycle. The lifecycle analyses help identify 
key opportunities for reducing our carbon footprint 
using alternative materials, secondary packaging, 
transportation and manufacturing. We will continue 
to evaluate these opportunities, without impacting 
the supply of medicines to our patients. In addition, 
we have developed in-house LCA expertise to drive 
analysis of our next generation devices during the 
innovation stages. The effort is aimed at integrating 
sustainable principles into the next generation devices 
right from the start.

•  Device Molding Evaluations (Proof of Concept) – We 

started evaluating and identifying renewable materials 
that could be used as alternatives to existing plastic 
materials used in our devices. In 2023, we completed 
the proof-of-concept (PoC) trials to make plastic 
components using renewable materials. Additionally, 
we continue to investigate energy efficient ways of 
molding the plastics used in our devices with the goal 
of reducing energy consumption.

27  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  donated more than $1 million worth of surplus 

company supplies each year to schools and nonprofit 
organizations.  

In 2023, the team facilitated the recycling of 
approximately 1.8 million pounds of scrap metal, 6.6 
million pounds of glass and plastic, 1.69 million pounds of 
cardboard and 250 refrigeration units.  

These efforts effectively diverted the waste from landfills, 
aligning with our commitment to sustainability.

Sales and Marketing

Lilly continues to leverage technology to evolve our Lilly 
continues to leverage technology to evolve our business 
and reduce our environmental footprint, including 
transitioning to digital media for promotional materials. 
We have also improved our inventory management, such 
as reducing the number of low-use printed materials 
and better controlling print quantities, which ultimately 
reduces paper waste.

Visit our Product Stewardship page to learn more 
about our approach to sustainability throughout 
product life-cycles.

Packaging

We consider many sustainability factors in selecting 
product packaging, including material use and 
recyclability. Pharmaceutical packaging must meet 
stringent regulatory and internal standards. In some 
cases, this prevents us from using recycled content, as 
is the case with container closure systems that come 
into direct contact with our products. However, we have 
started working with suppliers on the implementation of 
recycled content materials in our paper-based secondary 
packaging. We continually seek to improve packaging 
design to reduce the amount of packaging used, use 
lower-impact materials and promote recyclability.

•  Pulp-based Clinical Trial Packaging Change – 

Our efforts to improve the environmental impact 
of our packaging goes beyond our commercial 
products and extends to potential future products 
currently undergoing clinical trials. Our clinical trial 
organization has begun to implement pulp-based 
solutions for device packaging. We are one of the very 
early adopters to use this pulp packaging option that, 
like plastics, can be injection molded into a variety 
of shapes. Use of this eco-friendly packaging option 
has resulted in a 15% reduction in the size of drug 
delivery device packaging cartons compared to the 
original packaging design. This reduction in size also 
translates to shipping and transportation savings.

•  Tempo Smart Button Packaging, US Refill Kit 

Design – The refill kit is a packaging case comprised 
of various components the patient needs for use of 
the Tempo system. During packaging development, 
the design optimization process led to a reduction 
in the overall size of the packaging (i.e., length and 
width), which resulted in less waste generation 
and approximately 25% less warehouse storage 
space utilization.

Asset Recovery

For the past two decades, Lilly has operated an asset 
recovery department dedicated to managing surplus 
equipment. The department promotes value and social 
and environmental responsibility through redeploying, 
selling, donating and recycling assets from across the 
company’s U.S operations. 

Over the past five years, the team has: 

• 

successfully redeployed an average of $6.25 million 
worth of equipment within the company annually

28  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWaste Performance Data

Total Waste Generation (1) 

2020

2021

2022

2023

Total Waste Generation 
(metric tonnes)

130,000

118,000

123,000

118,000

Non-Hazardous Waste (metric tonnes)

110,000

98,000

101,000

99,000

Hazardous Waste Generation 
(metric tonnes)

20,000

20,000

22,000

19,000

Total Waste Disposition (1) 

2020

2021

2022

2023

Beneficial Use (includes recycled, 
reused and waste-to-energy)

Treated (includes combustion without 
energy recovery) (metric tonnes)

Landfilled (metric tonnes)

120,000

108,000

111,000

105,000

7,300

2,700

7,100

2,300

8,000

4,000

9,200

3,500

Waste Metrics for Goals (1) 

2020

2021

2022

2023

Waste Generated from Routine Operations 
(metric tonnes)

Not previously
reported

107,000

110,600

102,000

Waste to Landfill from Routine 
Operations (metric tonnes)

Plastic Waste from Routine 
Operations (metric tonnes)

`

Plastic Waste Repurposed for 
Beneficial Use (includes recycled, 
reused and waste-to-energy) 
(metric tonnes)

Plastic Waste Recycled or 
Reused (metric tonnes)

29  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Not previously
reported

Not previously
reported

Not previously
reported

Not previously
reported

600

1,900

2,000

8,600

12,000

12,400

8,400

11,800

12,100

7,600

10,800

11,000

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWaste Performance Data (cont'd)

Waste Goal Performance (2) 

2030 Goal

2022 Performance

2023 Performance

Percent of Waste from Routine 
Operations Sent to Landfill3

Zero (Less than 0.5%)

1.7%

Percent of Routine Plastic 
Waste Repurposed for 

100%

98.0%

Percent of Routine 
Plastic Waste Recycled 

Greater than or  
equal to 90%

89.6%

2.0%

97.1%

88.4%

Integrate Sustainability-
Focused Design 
Principles into Our 
Products and Packaging

N/A

On Track

On Track

Footnotes

Note: Some segments do not add up to totals due to rounding. 

Note: Bureau Veritas was engaged by Eli Lilly and Company to provide limited assurance over the specified 2023 environmental performance data presented in alignment with Lilly’s basis of reporting for 
key environmental sustainability indicators. 

1.  Total waste includes all waste generated from Lilly facilities, routine waste and non-routine waste. Non-routine waste is defined in footnote 2. 

2.  Waste goals exclude waste from the following categories: non-routine construction and demolition debris (e.g., building construction or demolition); uncontaminated soil, rock, concrete, bricks, 

etc., used for clean fill; waste generated as a result of remediation of surface or underground areas (e.g., soil, rock, water and personal protective equipment); vegetation (e.g., landscaping debris), 
wastewater that is conveyed offsite through piping (i.e., not shipped offsite in container or tanker) for treatment or discharge; and biosolids or other residue from wastewater or stormwater collection 
and treatment. 

3.  For the purpose of our landfill goal, “zero landfill” is defined as elimination, reuse, incineration, reclamation or recycling to the point that routine waste as generated will no longer be placed in a 

landfill. A site may achieve “zero landfill” status if less than 0.5% of its generated routine waste is sent directly to landfill. Lilly will meet “zero landfill” status if less than 0.5% of Lilly’s routine waste as 
generated is sent directly to landfill. 

30  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWater

Management Approach
Water is essential to our operations and the facilities 
where we discover and manufacture our medicines, and 
we’re committed to using this critical resource efficiently. 
We aim to manage water more sustainably by reducing 
our water footprint and avoiding potential risks related to 
pharmaceuticals in the environment (PiE). 

We continuously assess our water risks, and while we 
generally operate in locations where the risk of water 
scarcity and poor quality are low, we continue to focus 
on conserving and reducing water use and improving 
the quality of the water we discharge from our facilities. 
We work with our sites around the world to identify 
water-saving opportunities and wastewater treatment 
technologies to support our environmental goals. We 
continue to report on our water programs through 
CDP, including through our latest 2023 CDP Water 
Security response.

IN THIS SECTION 
 › 2030 Water Goals and Our Progress to Date

 › Recent Achievements

 › Water Use

 › Pharmaceuticals in the Environment (PiE)

 › Water Performance Data

2030 Water Goals and  
Our Progress to Date
In 2021, we set new water-related goals for 2030 
that include establishing and implementing water 
management plans for all Lilly sites in water-stressed 
areas, as well as ensuring our internal and external 
manufacturing operations do not adversely impact the 
waterways as a result of discharges of pharmaceuticals.

Establishing and implementing water management 
plans for Lilly sites in water-stressed areas

In 2022, 100% of our manufacturing sites in water-
stressed areas developed water stress management 
plans. Each water stress management plan includes 
localized targets and initiatives with specific delivery 
dates related to reducing water stress where these 
sites operate.

In 2023, Lilly sites in water-stressed areas implemented 
next steps in these plans, which included efforts to 
improve water efficiency and reduce total phosphorus 
discharged in wastewater.

Ensuring 100% of Lilly sites meet predicted no-
effect concentrations (PNEC) for Pharmaceuticals in 
the Environment

In 2023, 100% of Lilly manufacturing sites met 
pharmaceutical PNEC values established by the 
Lilly Aquatic Exposure Guideline (LAEG) program. 
Furthermore, all our manufacturing sites achieved 
wastewater discharges less than 10% of PNEC-based 
limits established for pharmaceuticals.

31  |  2021 ESG Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyRecent Achievements

Managing Water-Stressed Geographies

Each of our manufacturing sites that operate in 
water-stressed areas started conducting water stress 
assessments in 2021. In 2022, each of these sites 
developed water stress management plans and have 
begun implementation. For example, in 2023 our site 
in Suzhou, China improved water efficiency by 33% 
versus 2022, meaning less water is now used per unit 
of production. In addition, the site reduced phosphorus 
discharge in wastewater (grams of phosphorus per 
cartridge produced) by 52% versus 2022 through 
implementation of water treatment plant improvements.

Seven other projects identified in the water stress 
management plans have been started and are in various 
stages of being implemented.

Plans Developed using Alliance for Water 
Stewardship Standards

The water stress management plans were developed 
based on guidance in the Alliance for Water Stewardship 
International Water Stewardship Standard V2.0 (AWS 
Standard). The AWS Standard has five outcomes that 
represent fundamental aspects of water. The intent of 
these outcomes is to act as fundamental “pillars” of water 
stewardship – or themes that are reflected in all water 
stewardship efforts.

1.  How humans are responsible and accountable for 

water (governance)

2.  Quantities and timing of water (water balance)

3.  Properties of the water (water quality)

4.  Spatial aspects of areas that may or may not 

contain water at a given time, but that are critical 
to maintaining the human-derived benefits of water 
including the ecosystem services from Important 
Water-Related Areas (IWRAs)

5.  Provision of safe water, sanitation and hygiene for all.

Performance Highlights

Water Use
Manufacturing operations account for most of our water 
use. The production of injectable medicines requires 
exceptionally high-quality water, and our sites rely on 
utility operations to produce purified water and water for 
cooling systems and steam boilers. To reduce our water 
consumption, we use reclaimed water when possible, 
and have optimized our cooling systems to reduce water 
usage. In 2023, our facilities recycled or reused 283 billion 
liters of water, representing 97.5% of our total water 
demand. 

In 2023, 7.4% of our total water intake occurred at sites 
in geographies that are defined as “water stressed." 
Potential future regional water risk, unpredictable costs 
and climate change concerns have further strengthened 
our commitment to using water more efficiently and 
improving water quality based on local needs. Hence, we 
have established water management plans for Lilly sites 
located in water-stressed geographies. 

32  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyPharmaceuticals in the 
Environment (PiE)
Pharmaceuticals, the active ingredients of medicines, 
have been found in surface waters, groundwater, 
sediment, and soil. Reported concentrations of 
pharmaceuticals detected in the environment are 
usually extremely low. Pharmaceuticals may enter the 
environment through effluents from pharmaceutical 
manufacturing or through excretion by patients after 
therapeutic use of a medicine. They may also enter 
the environment through improper disposal of unused 
medicines. 

There are various public and stakeholder concerns 
regarding pharmaceuticals in the environment (PiE). 
The detection and biological potency of pharmaceuticals 
raise questions about potential risks to the environment. 
Additionally, there are concerns about the impact of the 
pharmaceutical supply chain on human health, especially 
in countries that may lack rigorous environmental 
protection standards. The World Health Organization, 
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the U.S. 
Geological Survey have all concluded that the presence 
of pharmaceuticals in drinking water is unlikely to have 
a direct impact on human health. Recent publications 
by Gunnarsson et al. (2019) and Wilkinson et al. (2022) 
conclude that for most pharmaceuticals, presence in 
surface water presents a low risk to environmental 
species, whether based on predicted or measured 
environmental concentrations. 

We believe the discharge of pharmaceuticals into the 
environment should be minimized. We strive to ensure 
our internal and external manufacturing operations 
do not adversely impact waterways due to discharges 
of pharmaceuticals.

PiE Governance

Due to the importance of the topic of pharmaceuticals 
in the environment (PiE) to Lilly and our stakeholders, 
Lilly has a PiE Governance Committee that sets strategic 
direction related to PiE and provides long-term oversight 
of Lilly’s Aquatic Exposure Guideline (LAEG) program 
that controls the discharges of pharmaceutical from 
manufacturing sites. The PiE Governance Committee 
reports directly to our Global HSE Committee. Read more 
about our HSE governance.

PiE Risk Assessment

We assess the pharmaceuticals in our medicines for 
potential environmental impacts before introducing a 
medicine to market. To do this we use environmental risk 
assessment procedures that are aligned with several 
global regulatory agencies.

We assess the environmental risk posed by patient use 
of our medicines as part of the approval process for new 
medicines in the U.S. and Europe.

We also assess the environmental risk posed by 
manufacturing of our medicines as part of our internal 
Lilly Aquatic Exposure Guideline (LAEG) program. The 
results drive appropriate treatment and containment 
strategies at our manufacturing sites to protect 
aquatic species in downstream surface waters and the 
communities and wildlife using these waters. The LAEG 
program has been in place for more than three decades 
at Lilly facilities, and we are now fully implementing 
LAEG assessments at contract manufacturers across 
our supply chain. Lilly has committed to compliance 
with LAEG requirements at our manufacturing facilities 
and to ensure controls are in place at our contract 
manufacturers to prevent harmful discharge of our active 
pharmaceutical ingredients.

Collaborations and Partnerships for 
Understanding and Mitigating PiE

We continue to partner with industry, academia and 
governments to improve both our understanding of and 
response to PiE. Lilly scientists and technical experts 
have been engaged in the following efforts:

•  Collaborating on Novel PiE Assessment – We are 

currently engaged in a second Innovative Medicines 
Initiative consortium project, the Prioritization and 
Risk Evaluation of Medicines in the EnviRonment 
(PREMIER). This six-year project aims to deliver 
a novel assessment system for characterizing 
the environmental risks of pharmaceuticals while 
addressing several of the actions stated in the EU’s 
published Strategic Approach to PiE. As part of this 
project, we are collecting environmental data on 
prioritized legacy pharmaceuticals and contributing 
to the evaluation of the relationship of external and 
internal concentrations of pharmaceuticals in fish.

33  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Assessing the potential for designing 

environmentally biodegradable pharmaceuticals – 
We participate in the American Chemistry Society’s 
Green Chemistry Institute Pharmaceutical Roundtable, 
a consortium of companies that is considering 
the environmental biodegradation potential 
of pharmaceuticals.

•  Advancing the Science of PiE – We continue to support 
efforts to advance PiE-related research by authoring 
papers, serving as reviewers for journals, presenting 
at conferences and workshops, and participating in 
meetings concerning the safety of pharmaceutical 
residues in water.

•  Partnering on Take-Back Programs – In collaboration 
with regulators and other pharmaceutical companies, 
we are key partners in take-back programs for unused 
medicines such as MedsDisposal in Europe and Med-
Project in the U.S.

•  Engaging in Industry Initiatives – We participate 
in several industry PiE initiatives, such as Eco-
Pharmaco-Stewardship, a multi-faceted program 
developed with several pharmaceutical trade 
organizations (EFPIA, AEGSP, MFE).

•  Developing PiE Tools and Resources – We are also 
actively engaged in creating tools and resources to 
share with industry peers, including in-person and on-
line training on risk-based approaches to managing 
effluents, a user-friendly tool to calculate discharge 
limits for pharmaceuticals, an industry guidance 
document on controlling pharmaceutical discharge 
and audit protocols to evaluate PiE supply chain risks.

34  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWater Performance Data

Water Use

2020

2021

2022

2023

Water Intake (billion liters)1

6.10

5.92

6.52

7.35

Water Recycle Rate (%)2

98.4%

98.0%

97.7%

97.5%

Percent of Water use in 
Water-Stressed Areas

8.1%

8.9%

7.7%

7.4%

*2022 data revised to reflect most current information. 

Water Goals

Target

2023 Performance

Establish and implement water 
management plans for sites in 
water-stress geographies

Ensure 100% of Lilly sites meet 
predicted no-effect concentrations 
(PNEC) for pharmaceuticals in 
the environment

Ensure appropriate controls 
are in place with Lilly contract 
manufacturers to prevent 
discharge of pharmaceuticals 
in wastewater above 
applicable predicted no-effect 
concentrations (PNEC)

Percent of assessed external 
partners meeting PNEC limits

Develop and implement 
water management 
plans for sites in 
water-stressed geographies

100% of plans were 
developed on time, and 
the implementation phase 
has started

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100%

Footnotes

Note: Bureau Veritas was engaged by Eli Lilly and Company to provide limited assurance over the specified 2023 environmental performance data presented in alignment with Lilly’s basis of reporting for 
key environmental sustainability indicators.

1.  “Water intake” is the total amount of water coming into a site, including water pumped from bodies of surface water and groundwater, as well as water provided by a utility. It includes water used in 

processes, utilities and other ancillary operations, such as irrigation. The term does not include groundwater pumped solely for treatment to satisfy regulatory actions or requirements (e.g., remediation 
activities where the water is not used for another purpose). Values do not include the water extracted from wells solely for the purpose of lowering the groundwater table(s) to maintain the physical and 
structural integrity of building foundations. Totals include a small amount of rainwater intake not included in other water intake subcategories. Lilly does not generally collect water data from small 
locations that house primarily administrative activities such as sales and marketing offices unless they are co-located at a Lilly manufacturing or research facility. 

2.  “Water recycle rate” is calculated as the total annual volume of water recycled/reused divided by the sum of total annual water intake plus the total annual volume of water recycled/reused. 

35  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyProduct Stewardship

Managing Environmental 
Performance Across the 
Product Life Cycle
Our circularity-based strategy includes integrating 
sustainability across the value-chain toward the ultimate 
goal of fostering a positive impact on patients and 
the planet.

Management Approach
Each stage of the pharmaceutical product life cycle 
includes distinct environmental considerations and 
opportunities. We take a broad approach to understanding 
and managing potential environmental issues across 
our value chain, from development of new medicines 
to product end-of-life and disposal considerations. As 
the phase of research and development significantly 
influences the environmental footprint of pharmaceutical 
manufacturing, we integrate sustainability-focused 
design principles – such as green chemistry and end-
product engineering – early in product development. 
These design principles help identify and reduce health, 
safety and environmental impacts from production 
processes when possible. As our product portfolio evolves 
and grows, we continue to search for new and better ways 
to reduce our environmental footprint across the life cycle 
of our products.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Managing Environmental Performance Across the 

Product Lifecycle

 › Green Chemistry

 › Global Chemical Management

 › Green Logistics

36  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyPatient Use

The work we do starts with the patient in mind. We are committed to making a 
positive impact on people, society and the planet. We aspire to develop products that 
are inclusive, trustworthy and sustainable to achieve the highest level of safety, user 
experience and patient outcomes with all of our products.

Research 
and Development

We consider environmental factors beginning with the earliest stages of design 
and development. We use the 12 principles of green chemistry, environmental risk 
assessments, packaging manufacturing reviews and an environmental development 
review process to evaluate potential environmental impacts during the scale-up of 
production to manufacturing levels.

Materials  
and Natural  
Resources

Our stakeholders, including customers, governments and suppliers worldwide, are 
increasingly focused on the materials and chemicals used to make pharmaceutical 
products. A key component of our sustainability strategy is to reduce our carbon footprint 
by continuing to increase the use of environmentally friendly materials and processes. 
Additionally, through our chemical management program, we work to reduce our use of 
materials, water and other natural resources when possible.

Manufacturing

We recognize that our manufacturing processes require the use of valuable natural 
resources. Our priorities include compliance with applicable HSE regulations, policies, 
procedures and standards as we work to continually improve our environmental 
performance related to energy efficiency, waste minimization and water management. 
We strive to reduce Lilly’s environmental impacts associated with our own manufacturing 
processes as well as our contract manufacturing organizations.

Product  
Transportation 
and Logistics

We consider many factors when selecting product packaging, including sustainability 
aspects such as materials reuse and recyclability. We have formed a green logistics team 
that seeks to optimize both shipment volumes and transportation methods to reduce 
packaging materials and greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions.

Product  
End-of-Life

Our product journey is circular and always comes back to where it started – the patient.

We work with stakeholders to ensure cost-effective approaches are available for product 
end-of-life disposal that balance environmental protection, patient safety and privacy, 
legal compliance and security.

We commit to understanding the potential effects of pharmaceuticals in the 
environment (PiE). We support using science-based evaluations to assess and reduce 
the environmental risks of our pharmaceutical products. Through collaborations with 
industry partners, academic researchers and regulatory agencies, we continually work to 
further understand and proactively address any potential impacts from our products.

37  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Patent for Greener Medicine – Developed 

improvements in solvent efficiency and published 
a process patent and manuscript describing 
continuous chemistry for Lilly’s once-weekly dual 
glucose-dependent insulinotropic polypeptide (GIP) 
and glucagon-like peptide-1 (GLP-1) receptor.

•  Synthetic Molecule Design & Development –  

Co-authored a paper which captures the first systemic 
metrics study for synthetic peptides that warrants 
more environmentally friendly processes in 
peptide manufacturing.

External Collaborations

Lilly actively pursues wider industry collaborations to 
help advance green chemistry through a combination of 
dialogue and leadership with peer companies, scientific 
partnerships and research sponsorship. We are actively 
engaged in collaborations with the American Chemical 
Society (ACS) Pharmaceutical Roundtable and the IQ 
Consortium’s Green Chemistry Working Group to promote 
the Green Aspiration Level (GAL) tool and support ongoing 
development of industry standards.

Since 2022, we have worked with industry peers 
to improve the iGAL metric. Yield, and convergence 
were added as new key sustainability indicators and 
include a new formula for convergence with potential 
applicability in computer assisted synthesis planning 
(CASP) algorithms. The improved statistical model of 
iGAL 2.0 represents a valuable extension to the common 
API process waste metrics, process mass intensity (PMI) 
and complete E factor (cEF). We believe that iGAL 2.0 can 
readily be adopted by pharmaceutical firms around the 
globe and thereby empower and inspire their scientists 
to make meaningful and significant contributions 
to sustainability.

Green Chemistry
Green chemistry has been a focus at Lilly for many 
years. From the selection of candidate molecules 
through the identification of manufacturing processes, 
our development teams engage in a variety of activities 
during research and development to design sustainably, 
including: 

•  eliminating or reducing the hazardous materials or 
chemicals of concern used to make a product 

focusing on removal of substances of very high 
concern (SVHC) as classified by the European 
Chemicals Agency 

shrinking the waste profiles of certain molecules 
through reduced solvent and water use 

increasing the overall efficiency of material use 

• 

• 

• 

•  advancing the underlying green chemistry of medicine 
development and making production both safer and 
more environmentally friendly through a commitment 
to continuous process improvement 

• 

implementing new manufacturing technologies that 
minimize environmental impact, including continuous 
flow processes, which Lilly has worked to advance in 
the pharmaceutical industry. 

By employing green chemistry, we have also been able to 
enhance the safety profile of manufacturing processes by 
reducing the risk of the most hazardous manufacturing 
steps. We are also focused on the adoption of greener 
and safer solvents where possible. For example, we have 
replaced several hazardous solvents and hazardous 
air pollutants with safer alternatives in our chemical 
synthesis operations. 

Lilly Research

We continue to advance green chemistry through our own 
research, and several of our findings were published in 
scientific journals. Highlights include:

•  Sustainable Oligonucleotide Manufacturing –  

Co-authored a paper examining the sustainability 
challenges and opportunities in oligonucleotide 
manufacturing, including minimizing waste and 
production costs.

38  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGlobal Chemical 
Management
Governments around the world and across many of the 
regions where we operate have developed chemical 
management legislation, such as the REACH regulation 
in the EU that requires companies to collect and register 
information about certain chemicals they manufacture or 
use, unless those chemicals are exempt. 

These regulations may require replacing chemicals 
identified as hazardous with safer alternatives, 
when available. To address these concerns, we have 
implemented a formal program and screening process to 
evaluate designated “chemicals of concern” throughout 
the pharmaceutical research and development process. 
Our process also addresses mitigation steps where new 
restrictions may impact our existing operations. This 
assists us with ensuring that our facilities and supply 
chain remain in compliance with chemical management 
laws. 

During the scale-up of medicine production to 
manufacturing levels in our pharmaceutical business, 
we use an Environmental Development Review process 
to evaluate other potential environmental issues and 
opportunities. This process identifies and addresses 
potential impacts arising from manufacturing, suggests 
process improvements and facilitates learning as 
new medicines transition from the laboratory to the 
manufacturing facility. 

Ensuring that our medicines have a smaller impact on 
the environment does not stop with green chemistry. 
We also focus extensively on water use, waste and 
Pharmaceuticals in the Environment (PiE). Learn more 
about our waste and water efforts.

Green Logistics
We consider many environmental sustainability factors 
in selecting product packaging, including material use 
and recyclability. Pharmaceutical packaging must meet 
stringent regulatory and internal standards. In some 
cases, this prevents us from using recycled content, as 
is the case with container closure systems that come 
into direct contact with our products. We continually 
seek to improve packaging design to reduce the amount 
of packaging used, use lower-impact materials and 
ensure recyclability. Examples of some of our packaging 
initiatives include: 

39  |  2023 Sustainability Report

•  EndeavAir Project – We are committed to improving 
the sustainability of packaging used for transporting 
medicines by air and sea freight. Historically, we used 
a single-use insulated package. After researching and 
testing alternatives, we arrived at a reusable shipping 
container that improves performance and increases 
capacity, thus reducing the number of shipments 
overall. We have implemented this new packaging 
solution at our sites in Japan and Spain and aim to 
expand use to other geographies in the coming years. 

•  Recycling of Data Loggers – Every year, thousands of 
data loggers – small temperature measuring devices 
that ensure the quality of our pharmaceutical products 
– are used in logistics and then simply thrown away. 
We were able to develop a recycling program for these 
devices in cooperation with our manufacturer.

Product End-of-Life
Unlike many consumer products that can be recycled or 
are composed of materials that can be reclaimed at the 
end of their usefulness, many of our medicines are by 
nature, different. Public health regulations often prohibit 
the use of recovered materials from pharmaceutical 
products like those produced by Lilly. We continue to 
work with customers, industry partners and public health 
officials to address these product end-of-life issues. 

We promote policy decisions that are efficient, effective 
and protect both human health and the environment. We 
also support educating patients and caregivers on proper 
disposal of medicines and syringes, needles and other 
sharps used in home settings. We communicate this 
information to patients through product user manuals 
and The Lilly Answers Center, a hotline that answers 
frequently asked questions about our products. 

We are a member of the Pharmaceutical Product 
Stewardship Work Group (PPSWG), a U.S.-based 
membership association that coordinates pharmaceutical 
manufacturer efforts to respond to state and local 
household medicine and sharps takeback laws. We are 
a participating company in MED-Project USA and MED-
Project LLC (“MED-Project”), owned by PPSWG, which 
serve as the stewardship organization designated by 
PPSWG members to implement and operate mandated 
household unwanted medicine and sharps take-back 
programs. The MyOldMeds.com website is provided 
by PPSWG as an easy way for patients to find a site 
near them to dispose of unwanted, unused or expired 
medicines from households. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyinjection pens in France. RECYPEN is an initiative led 
by DASTRI, the national eco-organization approved 
to collect and treat waste from health care activities. 
This pilot program for recycling insulin injection pens 
from Lilly and Sanofi is planned to launch in 2024 in 
four pilot regions: Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, Grand Est, 
Hauts-de-France and Occitanie. The program will be 
tested for an initial one-year period and aims to collect 
30% of pens used by patients in these regions.

•  UK – The Circularity in Primary Pharmaceutical 
Packaging Accelerator (CiPPPA) launched a new 
initiative with ambitions for waste reduction and 
environmental stewardship, such as the development 
of effective end-of-life product management of 
pharmaceutical packaging and diverting waste 
from landfill sites. Lilly, along with other leading 
pharmaceutical companies, global over-the-counter 
(OTC) brands and health care systems such as the 
NHS, has joined CiPPPA in this collaborative initiative 
focused on packaging solutions surrounding blisters, 
inhalers and injectables.

•  Spain – Lilly is evaluating alternate recycling 

technologies in addition to evaluating mechanical 
recycling. For this purpose, we are collaborating 
with a company in Spain offering enzymatic as well 
as pyrolysis technologies. Proof-of-concept studies 
are underway.

We also engage with other industry stakeholders on 
these matters in the EU, such as European Federation of 
Pharmaceutical Industries and Associations (EFPIA), and 
in Canada Health Products Stewardship Association. 

Device Take-Back and Recycling

We are also committed to investigating ways to mitigate 
plastic waste by exploring potential new options to 
reduce end-product waste. Lilly is exploring opportunities 
individually and with industry collaborations that include:

•  efforts led by pharmaceutical associations

collaborations with other pharmaceutical and device 
manufacturing companies

supplier-led sustainability collaborations.

• 

• 

In addition, we are providing financial and resource 
support to potential partners for testing of newer 
recycling technologies that could lead to recycling and 
reuse of plastic after our devices are used by patients.

•  United States – Lilly is working with several recyclers 
in assessing the feasibility of their process to recycle 
Lilly devices. Once the feasibility is established, the 
goal is to scale up the technology for potential device 
recycling programs more broadly.

•  Germany – Lilly is conducting a device take-back pilot 
program in Germany. This effort was initially launched 
with a limited number of hospitals in 2020 and has 
since been expanded to include more than 150 health 
care offices and hospitals in Germany. The collected 
devices are being used in recycling pilots for assessing 
methods of recovering plastics and other materials. 
While still in its infancy, the pilot program is a step in 
our efforts to increase the circularity of our devices 
and minimize their environmental impact.

•  Denmark – Lilly has joined a collaborative effort with 

Novo Nordisk, Sanofi and Merck to pioneer the world's 
first cross-industry solution for recycling injection 
pens. This pilot program was launched in Denmark 
in May 2023 and is planned for 12 to 18 months, 
leveraging the existing recycling infrastructure in the 
country. The ambitious target for the pilot is for 25% of 
all injection pens distributed by the four companies in 
Denmark to be recycled.

•  France – Lilly, in collaboration with Sanofi, has 

joined RECYPEN, the first recycling effort for insulin 

40  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyBiodiversity

Management Approach
As a medicine company, we recognize our responsibility 
to protect and conserve nature while pursuing our 
purpose to make life better for people around the 
world. Biodiversity and nature conservation is not a new 
concept for Lilly. Lilly has been involved in environmental 
protection and nature enhancement projects across 
its global facilities for decades. Lilly recognizes the 
importance of biodiversity and its role in supporting 
health and wellbeing.  

Lilly strives to protect designated biodiversity rich 
areas, manage existing biodiversity at our sites 
and enhance biodiversity within the communities where 
we operate. We collaborate with external partners, 
industry coalitions, and our employees to raise awareness 
and drive action on biodiversity conservation.

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Biodiversity Strategy and Approach

 › Case Studies

 › External Collaborations

41  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Biodiversity Strategy and 
Approach at Lilly 
Lilly’s biodiversity strategy outlines our approach to 
managing risks related to biodiversity and ecosystems, 
promoting sustainable practices and contributing to the 
conservation and restoration of endangered habitats and 
species. Our strategy focuses on a top-down and bottom-
up approach that funnels from governance and decision-
making to site-level initiatives and implementation.

Case Studies

Kinsale Harbor Study

To study the overall impact of our manufacturing facilities 
on the local environment, our site in Kinsale, Ireland 
initiated a longstanding evaluation of aquatic habitat 
quality and benthic biodiversity in 1978. Managed by the 
National University of Ireland Galway, the Kinsale Harbour 
Study is one of the longest studies of marine coastline 
conducted anywhere in the world. The evaluation has 
not identified evidence of adverse impacts on habitat 
quality and benthic biodiversity in the study area due to 
wastewater discharge from the Kinsale site. Results have 
been published in peer-reviewed scientific publications 
and several project reports. This project continues to 
support academic research for university students. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyLeading the Industry in Ecologically 
Sound Endotoxin Testing    

Lilly applauds the US Pharmacopeia’s (USP) addition 
of recombinant reagents, including rFC, for use in the 
bacterial endotoxins test as a sustainable alternative 
over horseshoe crab-sourced LAL. This is an important 
step that will help pave the way for the broader use of 
recombinant reagents in the pharmaceutical industry.   

This new test chapter is especially important now, given 
that several horseshoe crabs and associated species 
are threatened or endangered by habitat loss and 
overharvesting. This important change will positively 
impact the ecosystems that depend on them and their 
eggs, including the Red Knot migratory shorebird.  

Lilly began implementing rFC testing in 2016 to detect 
the presence of harmful bacterial toxins in the injectable 
manufacturing process. Lilly will continue to be an 
industry leader in using rFC, having converted 80% of our 
testing of medicines, including all our latest diabetes and 
obesity medicines. 

We have recently invested time and technology to fully 
automate the rFC testing process. USP’s adoption of 
recombinant reagents, based on proven, peer-reviewed 
science, will enable us to evaluate the best way to 
transition the remainder of our medicines.  

Using rFC is also more sustainable because it does not 
depend on a natural resource. Sustainability is central 
not only to our purpose but also to our growth agenda. 
Limiting our dependence on natural resources, in this 
case, horseshoe crabs, is not only the right thing to do but 
also makes Lilly a stronger, more resilient company.

External Collaborations and 
Partnerships 
Biodiversity is a broad topic, and it is important to 
understand where the pharmaceutical sector can make a 
difference. Recognizing this, Lilly is proactively engaged 
in collaborative efforts with external partners and 
industry working groups to assess and prioritize the risks 
to biodiversity. 

This collaborative approach is a critical element for 
refining Lilly's biodiversity strategy and implementation 
plan. By actively involving external stakeholders, 
including environmental organizations, research 
institutions and industry peers, we can better ensure that 
our strategies are informed by a holistic understanding of 
biodiversity-related risks and opportunities. 

Biodiversity Research Collaboration

In 2023, Lilly initiated a collaborative biodiversity project 
with the University of California, Santa Barbara (UCSB). 
The aim of this project is to assess the implication of 
the Taskforce for Nature-related Financial Disclosures 
(TNFD) and Science Based Targets Network (SBTN) 
frameworks, which emerged following COP15, on sites 
where we operate. The collaboration also aims to 
evaluate TNFD's LEAP (Locate, Evaluate, Assess and 
Prepare) approach for Lilly's global sites, excluding 
upstream operations. This analysis will help inform 
further strategies and prioritization of biodiversity-related 
projects and metrics.

42  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencySocial

IN THIS SECTION 

Our Social Approach 

U.S. Access & Affordability 

Global Access & Health 

Community Engagement 

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 

Employee Experience 

Human Rights 

Patient Safety 

44

45

54

64

70

84

94

98

43  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Download Data Sheet

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Social Approach

Our approach to social impact starts with our medicines and our goal to expand access to quality 
health care. We work with global health systems and organizations to extend our reach by being 
part of the solution for complex global health challenges that disproportionately affect people living 
in settings with limited resources. We strive to provide an inclusive, high-performance workplace 
where our team members can bring their full authentic selves to work every day to grow and thrive. 
And in our communities, we invest our time, expertise and resources to drive social impact, with a 
focus on health. We also engage in targeted social issues that affect our business, employees and 
communities, with an emphasis on racial justice and education.

Goals and Highlights

Access and Affordability

Community Engagement

Reach 30 million people in resource-limited 
settings annually by 2030, through investments 
in people, medicines and health systems.

Lilly employees and retirees, along with match 
from the Lilly Foundation, contributed more than 
$12 million to United Way in 2023.

Employee Safety

Achieve zero severe injuries; develop safety 
leadership capabilities, reduce our most 
significant risks that could have life-altering 
or fatal consequences and manage business 
continuity risk.

Diversity, Equity 
& Inclusion

Increase the number of minority group 
members We’re committed to addressing 
underrepresentation in our workforce as 
measured against the representation of 
available and qualified talent in the labor 
market. We continue to make progress through 
efforts designed to broaden the diversity of our 
candidate pools and reduce impediments to 
equal employment opportunity that may exist.

44  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyU.S. Access & Affordability

SASB Disclosures Covered:

Access to Medicines (HC-BP-240a.1, HC-BP-240a.2)

Affordability & Pricing (HC-BP-240b.2)

IN THIS SECTION 
 › Pricing in the U.S.

 › Lilly U.S. Affordability Solutions

Management Approach
Throughout our nearly 150-year history, Lilly has worked to address some of the most pressing health challenges facing 
humanity, including infections, diabetes, depression, cancer and obesity. Today, more than 55 million people are estimated 
to use Lilly medicines.

But we know that our commitment to patients and society goes beyond the medicines we make.

We are committed to equitable and affordable access to our medicines so that our breakthroughs can transform more 
people’s lives. This includes our approach to pricing in the U.S. described in this section.

We’re also committed to expanding our impact on society by addressing complex U.S and global health challenges, with a 
focus on people living in communities with limited resources. Learn more about these efforts in Global Access & Health.

45  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyPricing in the U.S.
Pricing medicines to achieve the optimal balance between 
patient access and sustained investment in innovative 
treatments is complex. At Lilly, we know that pricing our 
medicines is one of the most important decisions we 
make as a company. We use a value-based approach to 
pricing, taking into account the following:

Customer perspective – The unmet needs that medicines 
can fulfill for patients and caregivers and how people can 
affordably access the treatment.

Company considerations – The costs of research, 
development, manufacturing, distribution and support 
services for customers; business trends and other 
economic factors; and the medicine’s potential market 
size and patent life.

Competitive landscape – The benefits of our medicine 
compared to alternative medicines and where our 
medicine is appropriate for treating conditions.

Contributing factors – Such as health system changes 
and policy guidelines.

Lilly also makes price adjustments over a product’s 
lifecycle that are based on the factors above as well as 
post-approval clinical data.

We are committed to educating stakeholders about the 
value of our medicines and ensuring transparency about 
our prices. List prices for many of our medicines, as well 
as average out-of-pocket costs and financial assistance 
information, are published online.

List Price vs. Net Price

A list price for each of our medicines is set using the 
considerations noted above.

We pay rebates and other discounts and fees to payers, 
pharmacy benefit managers (PBMs), the U.S. government 
and other supply chain entities such as wholesalers and 
distributors. After paying these rebates, discounts and 
channel costs, the final dollar amount that Lilly ultimately 
receives is called the net price.

These rebates and discounts have continued to grow over 
the years for Lilly’s U.S. portfolio while net prices for 
many of our medicines have continued to decrease.

Lilly List Price Changes for U.S. Product Portfolio1,2

46  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyAverage Lilly Net Price

Lilly U.S. Affordability 
Solutions
We’re a medicine company turning science into healing to 
make life better for as many people as possible. We work 
to improve access to our treatments and increase equity 
throughout the health care system. We actively advocate 
for and participate in the process of driving systemic 
positive changes.

We support the realignment of financial incentives for 
the entire pharmaceutical supply chain so that patients 
directly benefit from the net pricing we provide. We are 
also taking important steps within our own control to 
increase access to Lilly medicines today.

Lilly offers a variety of affordability solutions through 
patient support programs and copay assistance across 
the major products in our portfolio. For many of our 
migraine, immunology, diabetes and obesity medicines, 
we have copay assistance programs to bring eligible 
patients’ monthly out-of-pocket costs to as little as $25 
or lower. For cancer, the Lilly Oncology Support Center 
assists eligible patients in identifying affordability 
options related to their Lilly treatment. The Lilly Diabetes 
Solution Center is a resource for patients to learn about 

47  |  2023 Sustainability Report

our different insulin affordability solutions, which are 
outlined below.

Insulin Affordability

For millions of people with diabetes, insulin is a life-
saving medicine. Over the last century, this medicine 
has improved and extended countless lives around the 
world. Lilly understands the importance of our role as a 
leading diabetes company – and that includes supporting 
affordable access to insulin therapies.

While many people in the U.S. have insurance coverage 
with affordable copays, some have large deductibles they 
must satisfy before insurance will cover their medicines 
and others have no insurance at all. And, for many people, 
insulin is just one of several interventions used to control 
diabetes, such as blood glucose monitoring devices and 
other medicines.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOver the past several years, Lilly has introduced multiple 
insulin affordability solutions, including our Lilly Insulin 
Value Program. As a result of our efforts, anyone – 
whether they are uninsured or use commercial insurance, 
Medicaid or are enrolled in a Medicare Part D plan – is 
eligible to buy their monthly prescription of Lilly insulin 
for $35 or less, regardless of the number of pens or vials 
they use.* To make it even easier for people to access Lilly 
insulin, we took additional steps in 2023, including:

•  Reducing the list price of our most commonly 

prescribed insulins by 70%.

•  Automating the $35 out-of-pocket monthly cap for 
people with commercial insurance at participating 
retail pharmacies.

•  Cutting the price of our non-branded insulin, Insulin 
Lispro, which is the same molecule as Humalog, to 
$25 per vial, making it the lowest list-priced mealtime 
insulin available.

Under the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), more than 3 
million Medicare beneficiaries who take insulin will 
pay $35 per month or less on their insulin. Lilly was a 
strong supporter of this provision as it aligns with the 
affordability solutions we’ve had in-place years before the 
IRA became law.

See related graphic for an overview of the recent actions 
Lilly has taken to make insulins more affordable in 
the U.S.

All of these initiatives have made a real impact, helping 
100,000 people save $20 million each month. Importantly, 
despite rising insurance deductibles, the average monthly 
out-of-pocket cost for Lilly insulin has continued to drop 
for the past six years from $38.64 to $17.16 – a decrease 
of 56%.

Lilly has either reduced list prices for our insulins or 
held them steady over the past six years while net prices 
continue to decline.

•  Launching a biosimilar basal insulin, Rezvoglar, at a 

*Terms and conditions apply.

lower list price.

48  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyHumalog® (U-100)

List and Net Price Per Vial (USD) 

Insulin Lispro (U-100)

List and Net Price Per Vial (USD) 

49  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyHumalog® (U-100) and Insulin Lispro (U-100)

Average Out of Pocket Cost Per Vial (USD) 

Lilly Affordability Programs

insulinaffordability.com

Lilly Diabetes Solution Center at (833) 808-1234

Information about all of our insulin affordability solutions is available on insulinaffordability.com and 
through the Lilly Diabetes Solution Center at (833) 808-1234. The Solution Center is a call center staffed with 
experts who can help guide individuals to the affordability solution that best matches their needs, including 
connecting people with diabetes to charitable organizations that provide free Lilly insulin. Additionally, we 
are a financial supporter of getinsulin.org, a tool launched in 2020 by the patient advocacy group, Beyond 
Type 1, that helps people easily find the most affordable insulin options in their area – regardless of brand 
or manufacturer. Both web- and app-based, getinsulin.org is a convenient one-stop shop for people who use 
insulin and is available in both English and Spanish.

50  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyMedicine Donations 

Beyond our affordability solutions, Lilly also donates 
medicines to tax-exempt organizations, including national 
relief organizations and the Lilly Cares Foundation, which 
provide Lilly medications for free to qualifying patients. 
Eligibility is determined by each tax-exempt organization.

The Lilly Cares Foundation, as a separate tax-exempt 
organization, helped more than 197,000 qualifying 
patients during 2023 obtain prescribed medications 
across the therapeutic areas of diabetes, immunology, 
neuroscience, cancer, pain, endocrinology, cardiovascular 
and bone, muscle and joint. Over the past 20 years, the 
Lilly Cares Foundation has helped more than 1 million 
patients with financial need receive medicines donated 
by Lilly.

Long-Term Policy Solutions 

Lilly is actively working with other stakeholders 
throughout the U.S. health care system, including 
Congress, to seek policy solutions to address systemic 
gaps in patient affordability. Some of these include:

•  Lower Out-of-Pocket Costs – We support basing 

patient out-of-pocket costs for medicines on the lower 
net price that health plans and pharmacy benefits 
managers (PBMs) pay after subtracting rebates and 
discounts they receive from manufacturers. Payer 
negotiated discounts are typically passed fully to 
patients for other health care services, but not for 
medicines. Lilly believes any rebate it pays should be 
passed through to people at the pharmacy counter to 
offset the cost of their medicines.

•  Delinking – We support basing PBM fees on the value 
of the services they provide rather than a medicine’s 
price. Fees, rebates and other payments in the health 
care system are often calculated as a percentage of 
list price. By delinking PBM fees from list price, the 
incentive for high prices would be removed and could 
lower costs for patients.

•  First-Dollar Coverage – We support exempting more 
health care items and services for chronic conditions 
– such as insulin – from patients’ deductibles. 
This would improve patients’ access to necessary 
treatment and provide consistent costs every month.

• 

Insulin Out-of-Pocket Caps – We support expanding 
the monthly $35 copay cap on insulin in Medicare to 
the commercial market, a federal solution that would 
make permanent for all insulin users what Lilly has 
already done on its own.

51  |  2023 Sustainability Report

•  Transparency – We support additional transparency 
in the system. We commend legislation like the 
Pharmacy Benefit Manager Transparency Act of 2023, 
which encourages fair and transparent practices that 
benefit local pharmacies and consumers.

We believe these necessary long-term reforms could 
provide lasting relief to patients struggling to access 
and afford their medicines regardless of manufacturer, 
moving the U.S. health care system from a series of 
patchwork solutions toward systemic change. In the 
meantime, Lilly intends to continue providing affordability 
solutions to people who need them.

Value vs Volume: Linking Cost to   
Patient Outcome 

When a patient seeks medical care, the health care 
system’s top goal should be to improve their health. 
Medical interventions, including medicines, should be 
evaluated based on how well the patient’s health may 
improve. This seems obvious, but it’s not how our current 
payment system works.

Under the existing fee-for-service model that is common 
in the U.S., payments are based on the number of 
treatments or services provided, not whether a patient 
sees improvements in their health. However, as health 
care costs and rates of chronic disease continue to rise, 
there has been increased urgency to deliver care that 
brings greater value to both the patient and the health 
care system.

We believe that innovative value-based arrangements 
(VBAs) are an important part of the solution. VBAs allow 
Lilly to stand behind the health outcomes we expect 
our medicines to deliver when the medicines are used 
appropriately. Such arrangements are designed to link the 
cost of our medicine more directly to patient outcomes.

A VBA includes predefined patient health outcomes and/
or associated performance metrics based on the observed 
impact of a particular medicine on the person taking it. 
Such metrics can include favorable test results, improved 
medication adherence, reduced re-hospitalization rates 
or reduction in overall disease management costs. This 
approach can transform the health care system to one 
that is about delivering value versus one about the volume 
of services provided or medicines purchased.

Lilly has been committed to increasing the use of VBAs 
in the U.S. since 2014. In addition, we have alternative 
access contracts in other global markets, many of which 
are value-based. We use each VBA as an opportunity to 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencylearn more about the real-world data we need to gather 
to make these arrangements more effective.

In many cases, VBAs improve access to a medicine 
for eligible patients and many patients may also get 
more personalized care, given medicines in these 
arrangements are generally made available based on how 
well they work in specific subpopulations. For payers, 
VBAs can help them better maintain affordability in novel 
ways and pay for medicines that deliver outcomes. For 
companies like Lilly, these arrangements can increase 
access to their medicines and reinforce data from clinical 
studies with real-world evidence. And over the long term, 
the results from these arrangements may help inform 
and improve future research and development efforts.

We believe VBAs have the potential to improve patient 
outcomes while lowering costs for the entire health 
care system, but to be successful they require increased 
collaboration between payers, health systems, employers, 
patients and industry. At Lilly, we continue to advocate 
for legislative and regulatory changes that support this 
transition. We believe this is one of the most important 
long-term changes we can make as an industry.

Health Literacy 

We strive to provide patients with helpful and easy to 
understand information about our medicines and devices. 
This gives patients the very best chance to benefit from 
our innovative treatments. We do this by using something 
called “health literacy” when creating and designing our 
patient materials.

What is Health Literacy?

Health literacy is how well someone can access, 
understand and use health information to make decisions 
about their, or a loved one’s, health. Health literacy is 
more than just reading level — it also targets health-
related skills and understanding, like knowing exactly 
when and how to use a medicine prescribed by a doctor 
to help patients feel more confident in taking good care of 
their health.

Lilly has eight health literacy principles that help us 
empower patients through information that’s clear and 
easy to understand. When we communicate clearly to 
our patients, we help remove barriers that can prevent 
better health for patients. This includes helping to 
reduce confusion that may come from cultural or 
language differences, which can help improve health 
equity for everyone, including those in traditionally 
underserved communities.

52  |  2023 Sustainability Report

In a quest to make health literacy a priority companywide, 
Lilly developed an internal health literacy resource 
website to help teams independently create content and 
design materials for their various audiences. The tools 
and resources on this site can help employees assess 
documents for readability and appropriateness for 
intended audiences, identifying any potential issues that 
would make the materials difficult to understand.

Our health literacy approach isn’t required by the FDA or 
any other legal or regulatory body. We do it because we 
believe it’s the right thing to do, and it helps us deliver 
on our promise to make life better for people around 
the world.

Making Health Care More Affordable for 
Employees  

Employers are spending more than ever to provide health 
benefits to their workers in the U.S. Yet many people, 
especially those with chronic illnesses, struggle with 
affordability and access to the care they need. If more 
employers reduce cost-sharing for high-value therapies 
– especially large employers – they could change the 
insurance market in ways that could improve health and 
productivity while constraining costs.

Like all employers, Lilly works every year to reduce the 
rising costs of health care for our organization. For more 
than a decade, we’ve offered exclusively high-deductible 
plans to our employees. But we take certain steps to make 
sure our high deductibles don’t lead our people to skip 
the care they need. We have implemented solutions in our 
own company consistent with the systemic changes for 
which we advocate.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyfamily members with diabetes can also receive a free 
connected glucose meter and related supplies, along with 
real-time support from trained diabetes educators.

We believe corporate leaders across the U.S. can make 
longer-term decisions and trade-offs to more effectively 
manage health benefits. Working together, employers 
can advance good ideas and help provide a better way 
to make U.S. health care and health insurance work for 
all Americans.

We fund our employees’ health savings accounts 
all at once at the beginning of the year. It shouldn’t 
matter if someone gets sick around New Year’s Day or 
Thanksgiving Day – we believe they should have money to 
help cover their health care costs. We provide first-dollar 
coverage for preventive and chronic disease medications 
by exempting them from our health plan deductibles. This 
means Lilly employees, retirees and their families pay 
only 10% to 20% of these medicines’ prices instead of the 
full retail price.

For all medicines, Lilly’s health plan has lowered costs by 
passing through rebates to patients at the point of sale. 
Sharing these rebates helped approximately 9,650 of our 
health plan members save $475 on average in 2023 – or 
about $4.6 million collectively. We provide all insulins to 
our eligible employees, retirees and family members at 
zero cost. This helps our health plan members stay fully 
adherent to their therapy. Employees and their eligible 

53  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGlobal Access & Health

SASB Disclosures Covered:

Access to Medicines (HC-BP-240a.1, HC-BP-240a.2)
Affordability & Pricing (HC-BP-240b.2)

Management Approach
Throughout our nearly 150-year history, Lilly has worked 
to address some of the most pressing health challenges 
facing humanity, including infections, diabetes, 
depression, cancer and obesity. Today, more than 55 
million people are estimated to use Lilly medicines. 

However, our impact on health goes beyond the medicines 
we discover, develop and manufacture.  

Through our global health efforts, Lilly is committed to 
addressing complex health challenges around the world. 
Our efforts include a focus on noncommunicable diseases 
(NCDs) and people living in historically marginalized 
communities in the U.S. and low- and middle-income 
countries (LMICs). We are committed to expanding 
equitable and affordable access to our breakthrough 
medicines so that they can transform more people’s lives. 

54  |  2023 Sustainability Report

We work across industry boundaries, providing catalytic 
support to leading health organizations at the global, 
regional and local levels. We thoughtfully collaborate 
with proven organizations that have the knowledge 
and capabilities to enhance the education, diagnosis, 
treatment and care of people living with NCDs.  

To drive progress, we established Lilly 30x30, the 
company’s global health effort which aims to improve 
access to quality health care for 30 million people living in 
resource-limited settings annually by 2030.

IN THIS SECTION 
 › Why NCDs?

 › Lilly 30x30

 › Global Health Highlights

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWhy NCDs?
The growing human toll of NCDs, including cancer and 
diabetes, is unacceptable and inequitable. According to 
the World Health Organization, NCDs are the leading 
cause of death worldwide, claiming the lives of 41 million 
people each year. That number is expected to rise to 52 
million by 2030.   

The vast majority of NCD deaths occur in LMICs, where 
infrastructure and resources can be limited. The 
COVID-19 pandemic, which had a disproportionate impact 
on people living with NCDs, further exacerbated health 
discrepancies for people in LMICs and highlighted an 
urgent need to act.  

Lilly’s current portfolio of medicines and pipeline are 
focused on NCDs. Beyond our scientific innovations, we 
believe our deep knowledge and expertise can help close 
health care gaps and assist in addressing the growing 
burden of NCDs for people living in communities with 
limited resources. 

Pricing Around the World

We sell medicines in approximately 105 countries 
around the world. Each country values medications 
and innovation differently and must balance competing 
demands for finite resources, including other health care 
products and services, as well as meeting social needs, 
such as education or infrastructure.  

Pricing medicines to achieve the optimal balance between 
affordable patient access and sustained investment in 
innovative treatments is complex. How to price medicines 
is one of the most important decisions we make as a 
company. When pricing a medicine, we use a value-
based approach, reflecting the value provided to patients, 
providers, payers, caregivers, health systems and society. 
The approach also considers competitive dynamics 
and other environmental factors. Drawing from this 
information, we evaluate country-specific conditions when 
pricing medicines on a market-by-market basis to help 
ensure patients around the world have affordable access 
to the innovative medicines we develop. 

We support public policies to meet this same end. We 
explore new pricing and reimbursement models in 
different markets, and we advocate for policy changes 
that help increase access to medicines while protecting 
innovation and enabling development of new medicines. 
For example, we support value-based and outcomes-
based reimbursement models that can deliver greater 
health and economic value to health systems. 

As a global company, we are aware that patients in LMICs 
face economic circumstances that may limit their ability 

55  |  2023 Sustainability Report

to pay for health services and medicines. In response, 
Lilly is deploying alternative business models (see Lilly 
30x30 below) and innovative collaborations to help 
provide high-quality, affordable Lilly medicines in these 
markets. We also support efforts to decrease the final 
price of medicines to patients in these countries, such 
as minimizing out-of-pocket costs and limiting markups 
across the supply chain. 

Lilly’s Support of Universal Health  
Care Principles

The COVID-19 pandemic highlighted the critical need to 
build stronger, more resilient health systems that can 
respond rapidly to new emergencies while continuing 
to deliver essential health services, including for NCDs. 
The global push for Universal Health Coverage (UHC) 
as part of the United Nations’ Sustainable Development 
Goals presents an opportunity to drive real progress in 
achieving the vision of a world where all people have 
access to the quality health services and medicines they 
need, when and where they need them, without financial 
hardship. To deliver on this ambition, the global health 
community must come together across sectors, including 
the private sector, to close the UHC financing and 
implementation gaps.

Lilly believes that, as an innovative medicine company, 
we have an important role to play in this collective, 
multisectoral action. We contribute through our continued 
investment in developing medicines to address unmet 
medical needs around the world, our efforts to extend 
the reach of our existing medicines to more people who 
need them and our support to strengthen health systems 
and policies. We also encourage stakeholders around the 
world to pursue action with the goal of access to care for 
everyone who needs it.

See our Transparency section for more on how Lilly’s 
sustainability efforts support and advance progress on the 
UN Sustainable Development Goals..

Intellectual Property

Intellectual property (IP) protections play a central 
role in driving innovations that result in better patient 
outcomes. Additionally, IP protections provide the 
necessary incentives to enable the global health 
ecosystem to operate. At Lilly, we use patent rights to 
protect meaningful innovation that enables sustainable 
investment in the high-risk and costly research and 
development required to discover, develop and deliver 
innovative medicines. At the same time, we respect that 
patents are limited in scope and duration, and we support 
robust generic and biosimilar competition when IP 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyLilly 30x30
Through investments in people, medicines and health 
systems, we strive to improve access to quality health 
care for 30 million people living in resource-limited 
settings annually by 2030. We call this global effort 
Lilly 30x30. To achieve our goal, we are leveraging 
company resources and collaborating with leading health 
organizations to increase access to Lilly medicines and 
address complex global health challenges. We work to 
enhance health across three areas of impact: 

•  Pipeline – discovering medicines, repurposing internal 

assets and supporting external pipelines 

•  Programs – strengthening and creating new programs 

that help improve access to Lilly medicines 

•  Philanthropy (and other initiatives) – supporting 
efforts that strengthen health systems, increase 
access to medicines and improve care. 

In each of these areas, we are working to develop high-
impact, scalable and sustainable solutions for people 
living in communities with limited resources, including by 
investing in and leveraging local and regional capabilities.

Governance of Lilly 30x30

To embed accountability throughout the company, Lilly 
30x30 is governed by a steering committee of 13 senior 
executives, including six Executive Committee members 
and the head of Social Impact. Reporting to the CEO, 
this committee oversees management of key priorities 
and operational milestones to measure our progress 
and help ensure Lilly 30x30 is strategically aligned with 
our business and core purpose of making life better for 
people around the world.

Measuring Patient Reach

In 2023, the estimated Lilly 30x30 reach was 18 million 
people, or past the halfway point to our 30x30 goal. The 
growth from 13 million people reached in 2022 to 18 
million in 2023 was driven by continued global health 
investments and new ways of reaching people living in 
resource-limited settings.  

To estimate the number of patients reached with Lilly 
medicines who live in resource-limited settings, we 
use brand-specific conversion factors, assumptions on 
product use and net shipping volume for: 

protections expire. Lilly is deeply committed to promoting 
both world-leading innovation and lower out-of-pocket 
costs for patients.

IP protections also played a central role in facilitating 
Lilly’s rapid COVID-19 therapeutics collaborations on 
both the development and manufacturing fronts. These 
protections will be critical to confronting future pandemic 
challenges. For example, voluntary licensing enables 
companies to move quickly in response to an emergency, 
working together to develop new medicines. These 
agreements allow for rapid technology transfer between 
companies without risking misuse of the partners’ 
technology platforms.

Sustaining robust, reliable, predictable and enforceable IP 
frameworks also promotes the pursuit of breakthroughs 
in areas of unmet need, such as Alzheimer’s disease and 
antimicrobial resistance. By allowing some certainty in 
an otherwise high-risk, high-investment endeavor like 
medicines development, IP protections embolden investor 
confidence to keep the engines of innovation operating at 
full speed.

IP protections also improve patient access by expanding 
the innovation base and reliably driving entry of 
biosimilars and generics. Because of the limited duration 
of IP protections, expiration of those protections allows 
for shifts to generic and biosimilar medicines. These 
products create financial savings for patients and create 
budgetary headroom for health systems to expand access 
to newer medicines. Lilly supports healthy markets for 
generics and biosimilars, including removal of regulatory, 
pricing, reimbursement and access barriers when IP 
protections expire. In addition, Lilly continues to engage in 
approaches to IP in Least Developed Countries that take 
into account their unique challenges. These may include 
voluntary licensing, non-assert policies or selective 
approaches to filing, in addition to supporting capacity-
building initiatives which can foster a dynamic local 
innovation ecosystem.

In 2021, Lilly joined the IP PACT (IP Principles for 
Advancing Cures and Therapies), a multi-company 
initiative affirming the biopharmaceutical industry’s 
commitment to innovation and keeping patients at the 
center of our work. The IP PACT includes ten principles 
guiding the way our industry uses IP, including to facilitate 
collaboration and partnerships, to act responsibly in 
patent proceedings and to support vibrant generic and 
biosimilar markets. The principles are intended to 
balance the needs of patients, society and our business 
— to further health care innovation and help patients live 
longer, healthier lives.

56  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  our marketed products that are commercially 

distributed in these regions 

•  medicines the company provides to organizations that 
offer free Lilly medicines to patients who qualify.  

In addition, the health organizations that we support 
provide annual patient reach estimates for their 
respective efforts, as do companies receiving investment 
from the venture funds in which Lilly made impact 
investments. These numbers are combined with the Lilly 
estimates to arrive at the annual 30x30 patient reach 
total. 

Pipeline

As a medicine company, our greatest contribution 
to global health is the discovery and development of 
innovative medicines.

In 2023, we continued to engage external organizations 
with the goal of developing innovative solutions for 
diseases disproportionately affecting people living in 
resource-limited settings. Lilly committed $50 million to 
venture capital firms that specialize in near- and long-
term health care solutions for patients in LMICs. This 
allocation includes a commitment to LeapFrog Emerging 
Consumer Fund IV. LeapFrog is an impact growth 
equity fund investing in South and Southeast Asian and 
African businesses that, among other priorities, provide 
innovative health care solutions to low-income consumers 
by offering relevant and affordable products to promote 
wellness and help prevent and manage chronic diseases.

Lilly continues to be a top-tier investor in the 
Antimicrobial Resistance (AMR) Action Fund, with $100 
million committed over the life of the fund. The AMR 
Action Fund was launched in 2020 by more than 20 
leading biopharmaceutical companies, including Lilly. 
Joining forces with global charitable organizations 
and development banks, the AMR Action Fund aims 
to accelerate antibiotic development with the goal of 
delivering two to four new antibiotics by 2030. To date, the 
fund has made investments in seven U.S. and European 
biotech organizations with pipelines targeting a range 
of infections.

57  |  2023 Sustainability Report

In 2023, through Lilly 30x30, we launched a new process 
to systematically evaluate internal assets to identify 
product development and access planning strategies for 
LMICs with the goal of accelerating our reach and scale. 
We will continue to explore potential opportunities and 
business development models that further support the 
development of our Lilly 30x30 pipeline, including venture 
impact investing.

Programs

Through Lilly 30x30, we are strengthening our existing 
programs and developing new approaches to improve 
access to Lilly products and services for people living in 
resource-limited settings. These efforts include exploring 
alternative business models and expanding access 
strategies and patient support programs.

Patient Support Programs

Lilly offers a variety of affordability solutions through 
patient support programs and copay assistance across 
the major products of our portfolio, including medicines 
for diabetes, migraine, immunology and cancer. We offer 
these programs across the globe.

Our patient support programs fall into three categories:

• 

supporting patients through reimbursement and 
product access issues

•  answering questions related to living with disease and 

managing health

•  providing information on Lilly medicines and training 

on Lilly devices.

Alternative Access Programs

Lilly offers alternative access programs in addition to 
standard pricing, reimbursement and access models. 
These programs facilitate appropriate patient access to 
Lilly medicines by addressing specific challenges faced by 
institutional payers, patients or channel partners.

We are also advancing manufacturing and public-private 
partnership-based solutions to expand access to our 
products in the countries where Lilly currently has no or 
limited presence.

In late 2022, Lilly announced a collaboration with 
EVA Pharma to enhance sustainable access to 
affordable human and analog insulin in Africa, with 
the goal of reaching at least 1 million people living 
with diabetes in LMICs by 2030. Lilly will be supplying 
active pharmaceutical ingredient (API) for insulin at a 
significantly reduced price and will provide technology 
transfer to enable EVA Pharma to manufacture and 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencysupply insulin to many LMICs, most of which are in Africa. 
EVA Pharma expects the first registration of its human 
and analog insulin products in Egypt in 2024, followed by 
registration and distribution in other African countries.

Also in 2023, Lilly entered into a distribution and promotion 
agreement with Aspen Pharmacare to sell, promote and 
distribute Lilly’s pharmaceutical portfolio in South Africa 
and the rest of Sub-Saharan Africa. The effort seeks to 
expand access to Lilly’s innovative portfolio of medicines 
and to reach more patients in the region.

Philanthropy (and Other Initiatives)

Through strategic contributions and engagements Lilly 
supports global health organizations in their work to 
strengthen local health care systems and improve access 
to quality health care. Our focus lies in championing 
innovative, sustainable and scalable solutions to help 
address pressing global health concerns, especially for 
diabetes and cancer care. We seek to facilitate cross-
industry action to develop and test models of care to reach 
as many people as possible.

Through our support, we prioritize the World Health 
Organization’s six building blocks of health system 
strengthening. These fundamental components — 

leadership and governance, health financing, health 
workforce, service delivery, information and research, and 
medical products and technologies – form the backbone 
of a robust health care system. By concentrating on these 
priorities, we aim to:

•  enhance capabilities of the health care workforce 

and systems

• 

improve service delivery mechanisms, training of health 
care providers and digital information systems

•  help bring quality health care closer to the patient, 
including by leveraging community health workers.

This strategic approach enables us to help address health 
access challenges, fostering resilience and sustainability 
in the pursuit of our 30x30 goals. Data and lessons learned 
through the various initiatives supported by Lilly are shared 
to help inform public policy and advocate for scale-up and 
replication of proven, cost-effective solutions.

Global Health Overview

58  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyFocus Countries/Regions

Engagement

Focus Areas

Africa, Asia, the Caribbean, 
Latin America and the 
Middle East

Life for a Child - Expansion

Africa, Latin America, the 
Caribbean and South Asia

Direct Relief - Expansion

India

Linking to Care

India

Kenya

Mexico

JDRF

The Max Foundation - 
Humanitarian PACT for Advanced 
Breast Cancer Program

Provide access to treatment for advanced 
breast cancer patients in Kenya.

Indiana University - AMPATH - 
Mexico

Blood glucose monitoring, diabetes education 
and support for children and youth in resource-
limited settings for better disease management 
and health outcomes.

Increasing refrigeration capacity at Life for 
insulin storage as well as other cold chain 
pharmaceuticals such as injectable therapies, 
cancer products or vaccines at Life for a Child 
partner facilities in resource-limited settings.

The integrated care program screens patients 
with tuberculosis and their contacts for 
diabetes and hypertension, ensuring early 
disease detection and linking quality care in 
Chennai, India.

Secure improved care access for 1.5 million 
individuals with type 1 diabetes by 2030, with a 
particular focus on those under the age of 30.

Replicate a successful academic model by 
working with health stakeholders to improve 
health outcomes and transform primary health 
care delivery for NCDs in Puebla, Mexico.

Develop a screening algorithm and treatment 
protocol for women with gestational diabetes 
for primary care clinics to decrease maternal-
child mortality rates and complications at birth.

Validate effectiveness of a 'one-stop-shop' 
diabetes model and test key drivers for keeping 
people in the cascade of diabetes care.

Develop a health care provider and technology 
supported approach to safely manage high-
risk type 2 diabetes patients on insulin at 
primary care centers in the Tshwane district in 
South Africa.

Mexico 

Carlos Slim Foundation

Mexico

Clinicas del Azucar (CdA)

South Africa 

Tshwane Insulin Project (TIP)

59  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyFocus Countries/Regions

Collaboration Name

Focus Areas

Southeast Asia

Action4Diabetes (A4D0 - 
HelloType1 Educational Platform

Sub-Saharan Africa and 
Southeast Asia

UNICEF

U.S.

U.S.

U.S.

Direct Relief - Fund for 
Health Equity

Diabetes Impact Project - 
Indianapolis Neighborhoods

Clinicas del Azucar (CdA)

AMPATH – Academic Model Providing Access to Healthcare

NCD – Noncommunicable Disease

Additional support for charitable efforts to close gaps 
associated with health access in resource limited settings 
in the U.S. and LMICs are provided by the Lilly Foundation, 
a separate tax-exempt organization that provides strategic 
and philanthropic support to other qualifying tax-exempt 
organizations consistent with Lilly’s general philanthropic 
objectives. 

See below for more details about the work we support.

Lilly Global Health Initiatives

Multi-Region Initiatives

•  UNICEF – In 2022, Lilly and UNICEF announced an 

initiative to help improve health for 10 million children 
and adolescents living with or at risk of chronic 

60  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Supporting and educating the type 1 diabetes 
community (youth with T1D and their 
caregivers) across eight countries (Cambodia, 
Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Mayanmar, Thailand, 
Philippines, Vietnam) for better disease 
management and health outcomes.

Implement care models and interventions to 
strengthen health systems for children and 
adolescents with chronic conditions - type 
1 diabetes, congenital and rheumatic heart 
disease, sickle-cell disease and chronic 
respiratory conditions through a four-year 
collaboration to reach 10 million children in 
five countries: Bangladesh, Malawi, Nepal, the 
Philippines and Zimbabwe.

Improving health in underserved communities 
of the U.S. with a focus on the social 
determinants of health.

Improve diabetes diagnosis, care, and overall 
quality of life in three Indianapolis communities 
that experience disproportionately high rates of 
diabetes. DIP-IN is a resident led, milti-sector 
effort, leveraging Community Health Workers.

Expand CdA's model in the U.S. to provide 
comprehensive diabetes care for immigrant 
populations in Texas and other border states.

NCDs through 2025*. Lilly committed $14.4 million 
in support of UNICEF’s life-saving work to address 
NCD risk factors, strengthen health systems and 
enhance the ability of health care workers to care for 
people in Bangladesh, Malawi, Nepal, the Philippines 
and Zimbabwe. The five countries selected have the 
potential to strengthen country-level health systems 
and models that provide care and support for children 
and adolescents with chronic conditions, including 
type 1 diabetes, congenital and rheumatic heart 
disease, sickle cell disease and chronic respiratory 
diseases (e.g., asthma). More than 400,000 people 
were impacted through UNICEF’s work during 2023, 
including clinicians, community health workers, 
district trainers, caregivers, children and adolescents.
This four-year commitment reflects the respective 
efforts of Lilly and UNICEF to work toward the UN 
Sustainable Development Goals, specifically, SDG3, 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencywhich aims to ensure healthy lives and promote well-
being at all ages.

•  AMPATH – Lilly has provided support for the Academic 
Model Providing Access to Healthcare (AMPATH), 
which has been working for nearly 35 years in western 
Kenya to improve health for people in resource-
limited settings. Lilly’s product donations in support 
of AMPATH Kenya total more than $245 million – 
including more than $31 million in medicines in 2023 
– and are helping people living with cancer, diabetes 
and mental health disorders. Most recently, Lilly has 
supported AMPATH’s efforts to replicate their model 
of care in Puebla, Mexico, which has the potential 
to reach more than 14 million people by 2030. Lilly 
has committed support of more than $2.8 million to 
AMPATH Mexico.

•  Life for a Child – Since 2009, Lilly has provided more 
than 8.1 million vials and cartridges of insulin to 
support the Life for a Child program. Life for a Child 
provides support to children and youth with diabetes 
in resource-limited settings. This support includes 
insulin, delivery devices, monitoring supplies, medical 
care, diabetes education, complications screening and 
management, and advocacy. In 2021, Lilly announced 
plans to expand support for Life for a Child and 
increase access to care to approximately 150,000 
children and youth annually by 2030. To facilitate the 
expanded support, we have increased our contribution 
of mealtime and basal insulins and reusable pens, 
as well as financial support for the costs associated 
with storing, packing and shipping to countries in 
collaboration with Direct Relief. In 2023, more than 
50,000 children and youth were supported by Life for a 
Child with Lilly insulin.

•  Cold Chain Initiative – In early 2023, Lilly and Direct 
Relief announced a new initiative to expand access 
to medicines in low-income countries and LMICs by 
expanding medical cold chain capacity. With Lilly’s 
$1.15 million in funding, Direct Relief procured and 
installed 151 refrigeration units across 18 countries 
for 85 Life for a Child supported medical facilities 
in Africa, Latin America, the Caribbean and South 
Asia. In addition to supporting Life for a Child, this 
initiative will strengthen health care systems by 
increasing cold-chain storage so that more health care 
facilities will have the ability to store other cold chain 
pharmaceuticals such as injectable therapies, cancer 
products or vaccines.

Africa

•  The Max Foundation Humanitarian PACT for 

Advanced Breast Cancer Program – In early 2024, Lilly 

61  |  2023 Sustainability Report

and The Max Foundation announced an initiative to 
provide access to Verzenio for advanced breast cancer 
patients in Kenya. Lilly’s support includes the provision 
of product as well as funding to The Max Foundation 
to establish the infrastructure, implementation and 
operation of the program.

•  Tshwane Insulin Project (TIP) – Lilly engaged with 
the University of Pretoria in South Africa to support 
a research project aimed at initiating and titrating 
insulin in type 2 diabetes patients in primary health 
care. The TIP project implemented an intervention 
led by nurses and supported by community health 
care workers and doctors. The project demonstrated 
that patients can be safely initiated on insulin in 
primary care settings. Results show that TIP patients 
have achieved HbA1C reductions of more than 3%. In 
addition, anecdotal evidence shows that the overall 
HbA1C control of patients in the Tshwane district 
is better than other districts in the province with 
health care officials attributing this to the exceptional 
training provided to general practitioners, nurses and 
community health workers during the project.

Asia

•  Linking to Care (LTC) – The LTC project in Chennai, 

India, uses tuberculosis (TB) as an entry point to start 
screening patients for diabetes and hypertension. 
The program also screens patients’ family members 
for TB, diabetes and hypertension. Working with 
community health workers, the LTC project has proven 
that integrated model of care for patients with a 
communicable disease like TB and noncommunicable 
diseases is possible. This model has proven to be 
efficient, made care more accessible to patients 
in resource-limited settings and provided valuable 
lessons for effectively managing care for chronic 
diseases holistically.  

•  Action for Diabetes (A4D) – Lilly provides support 
to A4D to develop and roll out a HelloType1 online 
educational platform to support type 1 diabetes 
community in seven countries across South-East 
Asia. In addition, A4D supports youth living with type 
1 diabetes in Laos with human and analog insulins 
provided by Lilly. 

Latin America

•  Gestational Diabetes Mellitus (GDM) in Mexico – 
Lilly supported the Carlos Slim Foundation and 
the Mexican Society for Public Health in a five-year 
effort, which concluded in December 2023, to improve 
outcomes for pregnant women with gestational 
diabetes and their babies. The approach offered a 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyproject includes both neighborhood- and clinic-based 
community health workers (CHWs), to help identify 
people living with or at-risk of developing diabetes 
so they can be connected to quality care. The project 
is led by Indiana University Richard M Fairbanks 
School of Public Health, along with other partners. 
Since the project began, more than 600 people living 
with diabetes have worked with DIP-IN CHWs to 
address their medical and social needs, resulting in a 
significant reduction in HbA1c levels.  

Lilly supported the convening of a CHW Policy 
Forum, comprised of key local, state and national 
organizations. The CHW Policy Forum has worked to 
elevate the essential role of CHWs as part of a resilient 
health care system and helped to shape a policy 
agenda that supports the long-term sustainability of 
the CHW workforce. These efforts led to a white paper, 
Integration of Community Health Workers for a More 
Resilient U.S. Healthcare System, which was presented 
to policymakers during a session of the National 
Conference of State Legislators Annual Legislative 
Summit in August 2023. 

•  Direct Relief Fund for Health Equity – In 2021, we 
announced our commitment of $5 million over five 
years to Direct Relief’s Fund for Health Equity as 
a component of our Racial Justice Commitment. 
Through this fund, U.S. health centers, free and 
charitable clinics, and other community-based 
organizations and educational institutions are 
offered the opportunity to apply for grants from 
Direct Relief of up to $250,000 annually. Direct Relief 
makes grants aimed at strengthening the capacity 
of recipient organizations to provide high-quality, 
culturally appropriate health care while focusing on 
social determinants of health for the underserved 
populations. Lilly’s funding has facilitated Direct Relief 
to support 12 awardees to date.

*UNICEF does not endorse any company, brand, product, or service. 

better, less expensive way to perform an oral glucose 
tolerance test to screen for gestational diabetes and 
help women who test positive avoid complications 
during pregnancy. The work delivered several 
important outcomes, including documenting for the 
first time the prevalence of gestational diabetes in 
Mexico at a national level (14.3%), identifying three 
subtypes of the disease, and developing an innovative 
artificial intelligence-based prediction model for 
gestational diabetes which is present in 455 health 
centers. Over 3,500 physicians, nurses and community 
health workers have undergone training centered 
on maternal and childcare. As an outcome of this 
program, more than 1.2 million individuals were 
positively impacted in 2023.  

•  Expanding Comprehensive Diabetes Care Model 

across Mexico and U.S. – Lilly is supporting Clinicas 
del Azúcar and Massachusetts Institute of Technology 
(MIT) on their six-year effort to validate and expand a 
comprehensive diabetes care model for underserved 
patients with the goal of improving health over the 
long term. The efficacy of the model of care has 
been validated, and Clinicas del Azucar has leveraged 
this evidence to significantly expand across Mexico 
with 39 clinics, benefiting more than 340,000 people 
to date and saving nearly $925 million by helping 
patients avoid complications associated with diabetes. 
In addition, Lilly is supporting Clinicas del Azucar’s 
model for further expansion into the United States to 
provide low-cost, improved diabetes management and 
care with the potential to reach 1 million underserved 
Latinx patients by 2030 in Texas and other border 
states. 

North America

•  Diabetes Impact Project – Indianapolis Neighborhoods 
(DIP-IN) – Lilly committed $12 million to the DIP-IN 
project focused on three Indianapolis communities 
predominantly of color with high diabetes prevalence. 
The goal of DIP-IN was diabetes prevention and 
control. The project, launched in 2018, leverages 
resident steering committees to lead neighborhood-
based health promotion initiatives aimed at expanding 
access to health-supporting resources and improving 
overall health for all residents. DIP-IN has played 
a role in nearly 50 community initiatives so far. The 

62  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyMulti-Stakeholder Collaborations 
to Advance the U.N. Sustainable 
Development Goals

We are members of several multi-stakeholder collaborations 
focused on tackling global health challenges, including:

•  Access to Oncology Medicines Coalition (ATOM) – 
A global initiative to improve access to essential 
cancer medicines and increase the capacity to use 
these medicines appropriately in low-middle-income 
countries. 

•  Coalition for Access to NCD Medicines & Products – A 
global, multisectoral coalition dedicated to increasing 
access to medicines and health products for NCDs 
to reduce the impact of diseases such as diabetes, 
hypertension and cardiovascular disease. 

•  NCD Alliance – A global thought leader on policy and 

practice related to NCDs. 

•  Partnership for Quality Medical Donations (PQMD) 
– A global collaboration that brings together global 
medical-product companies and humanitarian 
organizations to promote sustainable access to quality 

health care in underserved communities during times 
of crisis.

Product Contributions

In 2023, Lilly and its affiliates provided more than $4.3 billion 
in medicines to charitable organizations that offer free Lilly 
medicines to qualifying patients around the world.** This 
includes product contributions used by third parties for 
patient assistance programs and humanitarian efforts and 
support of Life for a Child and AMPATH, noted above.  

As part of these efforts, Lilly donates medications to the Lilly 
Cares Foundation, a separate nonprofit organization. The 
Lilly Cares' Patient Assistance Program provides qualifying 
patients in the U.S. with financial need prescribed Lilly 
medications at no cost. In 2023, Lilly Cares helped more than 
197,000 people obtain prescribed medications across the 
therapeutic areas of diabetes, immunology, neuroscience, 
cancer, pain, endocrinology, cardiovascular and bone, muscle 
and joint. Over the past 20 years, Lilly Cares has helped more 
than 1 million patients with financial need receive medicines 
donated by Lilly.

**Products valued at wholesale acquisition cost.

Global Health Highlights

1 Includes value of medicines provided by Lilly and its affiliates to charitable organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to qualifying patients. Product contributions valued at wholesale acquisition cost.

2 Includes financial commitments from Lilly and $17.8 million from the Eli Lilly and Company Foundation, a separate nonprofit organization, commonly referred to as the Lilly Foundation.

63  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyCommunity Engagement

IN THIS SECTION 
 › Corporate Volunteering, Supporting & Giving

 › Disaster Preparedness & Relief

 › Community Engagement Data

Management Approach
For nearly 150 years, Lilly has developed lifesaving 
and life-changing treatments for people with chronic 
illnesses, advanced new discoveries and redefined 
what it means to live with and manage diseases. We 
recognize that Lilly has a responsibility to look beyond 
our walls – to help create a world where every individual 
has an equitable opportunity to live the healthiest life 
possible. We recognize that a person’s ability to prosper 
is determined by several factors, so we take a holistic 
approach to investing in healthier futures. Lilly and the 
Lilly Foundation support organizations that address 
inequities in social determinants of health such as 
education, employment and income – and that tackle 
systemic issues like racism, a public health threat.  

Lilly strives to be at the forefront of tackling social 
determinants of health so that more individuals in Indiana 
and worldwide can thrive and lead a healthy life. 

64  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Extending Our Community Impact

Lilly is committed to extending the reach of our impact, 
including through: 

•  Eli Lilly and Company Foundation – Lilly provides 
financial donations to the Eli Lilly and Company 
Foundation, Inc., commonly referred to as the Lilly 
Foundation. Established in 1968, the Lilly Foundation 
is a separate tax-exempt organization that provides 
strategic and philanthropic support to other 
qualifying tax-exempt organizations consistent with 
Lilly’s general philanthropic objectives. Visit Lilly 
Foundation to learn more. 

•  Lilly Grant Office – Lilly provides financial support 
to projects that promote excellence in patient care 
and provide valuable information to the medical and 
patient advocacy communities. Visit the Lilly Grant 
Office to learn more. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencysupporting their local communities. These projects 
focused on health, education and improving communities 
around the globe.

Across more than 20 countries, Lilly employees provided 
meals, stocked shelves, made blankets, played math 
games with kids, painted murals, planted trees and more.

Here’s a sample of employees’ experiences:

“I had a great day on my first Lilly Global Day of Service at 
an organization called Gather, which is working to make 
the Greater Seacoast of New Hampshire and Maine a 
hunger-free community.”

Mick Davidson, Executive Director-Medical, Connected 
Care and Insulin

"On September 22, Lilly Romania volunteers participated 
in the 16th Global Day of Service at the same time with 
Lilly colleagues around the world. We connected hands 
and hearts to renovate a center for refugees from Ukraine, 
in Bucharest."

Nineta Manta, Senior Manager Human Resources

“Lilly employees in Houston, Texas, checked in today 
for the Global Day of Service! We worked with Target 
Hunger, a United Way agency, which was founded 
in 1989 as grassroots, community-based program 
to fight the increasing hunger problem in Houston’s 
inner-city neighborhoods.”

Tiffany Joseph, Senior Territory Manager, Houston South

Connecting Hearts Abroad

Connecting Hearts Abroad, Lilly’s signature global service 
program, provides an opportunity for 150 employees each 
year to participate in company-sponsored service projects 
supporting global communities with limited resources. 
Since launching in 2011, nearly 2,000 Lilly global 
employees have volunteered in 20 countries to impact 
health outcomes. Lilly volunteers work with underserved 
communities and help address access and inequities in 
health care. View this video to see how Lilly employees 
are volunteering around the world.

Corporate Volunteering, 
Supporting and Giving

Volunteering

Empowering our diverse workforce to give back 
to our communities

Supporting

Establishing strategic engagements to extend 
the reach of our impact

Giving

Raising funds to create lasting change in the 
areas of health, racial justice and education

Volunteering

At Lilly, we actively encourage our employees to 
volunteer. We offer programs that help them serve their 
communities at home and abroad. We support employees’ 
volunteerism interests and offer many opportunities for 
employees to engage.

Global Day of Service 

In 2023, Lilly celebrated its 16th annual Global Day of 
Service. On the day, thousands of employees all over the 
world came together to volunteer on a range of projects 

65  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyImproving Educational Opportunities

The Lilly Foundation aims to advance exceptional and 
equitable K-12 STEM (science, technology, engineering 
and math) education in Central Indiana to increase the 
number of women and minorities pursuing STEM careers. 
2023 grant highlights include:

•  $350,000 to Purdue Polytechnic High School for STEM-
based curriculum to support post-secondary STEM 
degrees and high demand trade jobs.

•  $200,000 to Girl’s Incorporated of Greater Indianapolis 
to support the Eureka STEM program for high school 
girls and to enhance the STEM curriculum in its core 
programs – EmpowerHub, the school-based program 
and Summer Camp.

•  $150,000 to TechPoint Foundation for Youth to support 
the expansion of the VEX Go classroom-based robotics 
program and to provide STEM Mentors that connects 
local STEM professionals to local VEX Go teachers to 
help connect what the students are learning with real 
world application.

National STEM Day

In 2023, Lilly celebrated National STEM Day with about 
1,400 students participating in the Elements of STEM™ 
Program through Junior Achievement, which is aimed at 
inspiring middle school students in the realms of science, 
technology, engineering and mathematics. The event 
featured interactive simulations that showcased real-
world applications of STEM across diverse industries and 
engaging live virtual sessions led by Lilly professionals, 
with the goal of empowering future generations with the 
knowledge and skills they need to thrive in a world of 
increasing STEM opportunities.

“It’s an experience that students aren’t able to get. 
The connection to a real-world organization like Lilly is 
outstanding and being able to bring that into the classroom 
in this real-world, interactive way is something that is 
very unique.”

Alyssa Andis, Executive Vice President of Strategy and 
Programs, Junior Achievement of Central Indiana

A Fresh Chapter

Connecting Hearts Abroad has engaged with a variety 
of non-governmental organizations over the years. In 
2023, Lilly supported A Fresh Chapter (AFC) to deliver 
the Africa Elevate Fellowship Program, which brought 
together skilled volunteers from Lilly, and cancer 
survivors and advocates from Kenya, South Africa, Canada 
and the United States. The program is designed to scale 
AFC’s innovative psychosocial support model in Kenya 
and beyond.

The project included both a virtual component and a 
two-week onsite experience in Kenya. Participants in the 
fellowship program reported a benefit to their sense of 
purpose, sense of connectedness, comfort working on 
a project with people from other cultures, and ability to 
employ culturally sensitive practices in their professional/
work activities. In addition, the program helps reduce 
the stigma associated with cancer by encouraging open 
conversations and understanding among people from 
diverse backgrounds. Lilly’s support of AFC began in 
2016 with the Peru Odyssey program, supporting a small 
number of cancer survivors and thrivers, and expanded to 
Kenya in 2019 with the inaugural Africa Elevate Fellowship 
Program. Since 2019, AFC has had a direct impact in the 
lives of over 2,700 Africans impacted by cancer.

Supporting the Community

To expand our reach, we support key organizations 
and groups that align with our vision to strengthen 
communities around the world. Lilly and the Lilly 
Foundation seek out and support organizations that have 
demonstrated results in driving social impact. 

In 2023, the Lilly Foundation provided grants to improve 
educational opportunities, to combat racial injustice 
and inequalities, address health inequities and to make 
Indianapolis a better place to live. 

66  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyMaking Indianapolis a Better Place  
to Live

The Lilly Foundation works to make Indianapolis a better 
place to live and work by supporting select community 
development and cultural organizations. Grant highlights 
in 2023 include:

•  $500,000 to Central Indiana Community Foundation 
as the fiscal sponsor of The District Theatre to 
support and sustain professional development and 
productions for Black theatre, art and opportunity in 
Central Indiana.

•  $200,000 to the Immigrant Welcome Center to help 
meet the increasing needs for readily available 
legal services by its immigrant neighbors, including 
assistance with adjustment of status, removal of 
conditions, applying for asylum and more.

Combating Racial Injustice and Inequity

The Racial Justice Commitment, launched by Lilly and 
the Lilly Foundation in 2020, aims to address racial 
injustices and increase opportunities and equity for 
Black Americans.

As part of the effort, the Lilly Foundation pledged $25 
million over five years to support racial equity. Since 2020, 
the Lilly Foundation has awarded more than $19 million 
to combat racial injustice and inequity in Indianapolis. 
2023 grant highlights include:

•  $1,000,000 to Be Nimble Foundation, Inc. to 

facilitate educational programming that fosters the 
entrepreneurship ecosystem in historically excluded 
communities in the greater Indianapolis area.

•  $375,000 to the Boys and Girls Club of Indianapolis 

to reach more youth through its Community 
Diversion Program and better support their mental 
health needs.

Health Equity

The Lilly Foundation aims to close gaps in health equity 
in resource-limited settings in the U.S. and across the 
world. 2023 grant highlights include:

•  $2,000,000 to Indiana University related to the Indiana 
University Center for Global Health Equity for the 
AMPATH Breast and Cervical Cancer Screening 
program to improve women’s cancer outcomes in 
Kenya and Nepal.

•  $225,000 to the Flywheel Foundation for its Health 

Equity Innovation Challenge and support of innovative 
solutions to problems that create significant 
healthcare outcome disparities.

Giving

Lilly nurtures a nearly 150-year-old culture of 
volunteerism and philanthropy. Our workforce is deeply 
committed to going beyond our business to help meet 
community needs and to help support those affected by 
disasters and other humanitarian crises. 

As a purpose-driven culture, we strive to create spaces of 
giving in the communities where we live and work. Many 
of our employees are inspired and motivated to do the 
same globally. 

In 2023, the Lilly Foundation matched over $6.2 million 
in Lilly employee and retiree contributions. These 
contributions help address complex societal challenges, 
including in the areas of health, racial justice and 
education. 

United Way

For more than a century, Lilly has supported the United 
Way of Central Indiana and hundreds of United Way 
chapters across the U.S. in the communities where we 
live and work. We remain committed to the United Way as 
a meaningful way to address the most pressing needs in 
our communities. 

•  $275,000 to Fathers and Families Center to strengthen 
its fatherhood curriculum, improve technology at its 
facilities, provide barrier assistance to fathers, and 
support for fathers to complete job certifications and 
high school equivalency.

The Lilly Foundation matches Lilly employee contributions 
through the Lilly United Way campaign dollar-for-dollar. 
In 2023, Lilly employees, retirees and the Lilly Foundation 
contributed more than $12 million to over 475 United 
Way chapters.

Learn more about the Racial Justice Commitment.

67  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency2023 Disaster and Humanitarian Relief

•  Earthquake in Syria and Turkey – Lilly and its affiliates 
responded to the February 2023 earthquakes that 
impacted Syria and Turkey by providing insulin pens 
and vials to Direct Relief and the Turkish Ministry of 
Health. The Lilly Foundation made a $250,000 donation 
to organizations supporting the Red Crescent Societies 
in those areas. It also committed up to $250,000 in 
matching funds for eligible Lilly employee donations 
to humanitarian response organizations serving the 
impacted region. 

•  Humanitarian Crisis in Sri Lanka – Lilly responded to 
the ongoing humanitarian crisis impacting patients in 
Sri Lanka by providing insulin pens to Direct Relief. 

•  Wildfires in Maui – Lilly responded to the August 

2023 Wildfires in Maui by providing insulin and other 
medicines to Maui that were prepositioned at Direct 
Relief’s Santa Barbara, California warehouse as part of 
their Strategic Emergency Stockpile used for disaster 
needs as they arise. The Lilly Foundation pledged 
a match on all eligible Lilly employee donations to 
humanitarian response organizations responding to 
needs in Maui. 

•  Earthquake in Morocco and Flooding in Libya – The 
Lilly Foundation also pledged matches on eligible 
Lilly employee donations to humanitarian response 
organizations responding to needs in the areas 
impacted by these disasters in September 2023. 

• 

Israel-Hamas War – Lilly committed $500,000 to 
humanitarian response organizations in Israel at the 
start of the conflict. The Lilly Foundation has also 
pledged to match eligible Lilly employee donations to 
humanitarian response organizations serving people 
in Israel, Gaza and the impacted region up to an 
additional $500,000.

*Includes value of Lilly medicines provided to separate 
charitable organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to 
qualifying patients. Amounts are reflective of wholesale 
acquisition cost for the applicable product (or equivalent). 

Disaster Preparedness     
and Relief*
While it’s impossible to prepare for every situation, the 
impact of a disaster may be mitigated with preparation. 
Disasters – whether natural or manmade – can change 
lives in an instant. Lilly works with leading disaster and 
humanitarian relief organizations to provide medicines 
and support people and communities to help them 
recover. These collaborations and initiatives include: 

•  Disaster Preparedness Product Support – Since 2009, 
we’ve worked with the global relief organization Direct 
Relief to supply insulin and other medicines as part 
of their Hurricane Prep Packs, which are distributed 
in advance to health centers in hurricane zones 
throughout the U.S., Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin 
Islands. We also supply insulin and other medicines to 
Direct Relief’s Strategic Emergency Stockpile initiative, 
which provides medical items that are urgently 
needed following disasters. In 2023, we contributed 
$3.8 million of product to Direct Relief’s disaster 
preparedness efforts. 

•  Disaster Relief Product Support – We donate 

medicines and supplies that are specifically requested 
by relief organizations, including Americares, Direct 
Relief and Project HOPE. These organizations, with 
whom we have long standing relationships, work 
closely with clinics and hospitals on the ground to 
quickly assess and prioritize needs after a disaster. 

•  Partnership for Quality Medical Donations – We are 
a charter member of Partnership for Quality Medical 
Donations, a global collaboration that brings together 
global medical-product companies and humanitarian 
organizations to promote sustainable access to quality 
health care in underserved communities during times 
of crisis. 

•  Diabetes Solution Center – We offer the Lilly Diabetes 

Solution Center to help people in the U.S. with 
immediate needs related to diabetes care, including 
those impacted by disasters and others who may need 
help affording their insulin. 

In times of great need, the Lilly Foundation provides 
strategic cash donations to relief organizations and 
matches Lilly employee contributions dollar for dollar. 
These donations help support immediate needs during a 
crisis and in cases of severe disasters, rebuilding efforts 
over time. 

Learn more about how Lilly provides assistance in 
disaster preparedness and relief.

68  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyCommunity Engagement Data

1 Includes value of medicines provided by Lilly and its affiliates to separate charitable organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to qualifying patients. Product 

donations valued at wholesale acquisition cost.

69  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyDiversity, Equity & Inclusion

Management Approach
At Lilly, we believe in the power of diversity, equity and 
inclusion (DEI) to fulfill our purpose of creating medicines 
that make life better for all people. By leveraging the 
diverse backgrounds of our more than 42,000 employees 
and driving actionable and measurable strategies to 
improve DEI, including diversity within our clinical trials, 
we can better deliver scientific breakthroughs. 

Our long-standing values of integrity, excellence and 
respect for people foster an environment where team 
members are encouraged to speak up, share ideas and be 
fully engaged in our work. We are cultivating an inclusive 
culture that encourages all to feel safe being their true 
selves. To fulfill our purpose, we believe we must look 
at challenges from multiple viewpoints and understand 
the diverse experiences of the people who depend on our 
medicines. 

When Lilly employees come to work each day, we bring 
different experiences, perspectives and traditions, and 
we are committed to welcoming, respecting and valuing 
those differences. Because people are our priority – 
and they power our purpose – we treat DEI like any 
other priority business objective. We set strategy to 
drive progress on attracting, developing, engaging and 
retaining a highly skilled and diverse workforce. We 
continually look at metrics to inform our approach to 
these efforts. 

70  |  2023 Sustainability Report

We conduct in-depth employee research that continues 
to yield important insights into employee-reported 
experiences. The research has uncovered factors that 
employees say may influence their ability to contribute to 
their fullest potential. This Employee Journeys research 
(explained further below) has led to a multifaceted People 
Strategy to improve our culture for all. Through our 
People Strategy, we have developed a comprehensive 
approach to DEI that strives to make working at Lilly 
better for everyone and helps deliver on our employee 
value proposition, “Be part of a team that cares about you 
and our shared purpose to make life better.”

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Leadership Commitment

 › DEI Progress

 › DEI Programs and Activities

 › Employee Resource Groups at Lilly

 › Clinical Trial Diversity

 › Racial Justice Commitment

 › DEI Data

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyPeople Strategy

Elevate leadership, our people systems and our culture 

Additional People Strategy goals include:

•  attract, develop, engage and retain diverse talent 

foster Lilly culture (Team Lilly) 

• 

•  build leadership excellence 

•  enable critical capabilities 

•  embed diversity, equity and inclusion in all we do. 

Our commitment to DEI extends beyond our employees 
and into our broader business, including patient 
safety, clinical trials, access to and development of our 
medicines, and engagement with small and/or diverse 
suppliers and partners.

Leadership Commitment
The DEI commitment at Lilly includes purposeful 
corporate culture and ongoing data analyses to inform our 
approach. Our CEO and Executive Committee consistently 
set expectations for inclusive leadership and diversity in 
the workplace.  

Our executive leadership integrates DEI within our 
human resources talent management organization. 
Lilly’s executive vice president for human resources 
and diversity, a member of our Executive Committee, 
reports directly to our chair and CEO and is ultimately 
accountable for DEI at Lilly. Our chief DEI officer is a 
senior vice president reporting to the executive vice 
president for human resources and diversity and is also 
responsible for leading our talent management functions. 
This allows us to fully embed DEI into recruiting, 
developing, and retaining talent. 

71  |  2023 Sustainability Report

We began setting internal aspirational representation 
goals in 2017 as part of our efforts to address 
underrepresentation of women in management globally 
and minority group members in U.S. management roles 
and have since expanded this to our research career path 
and the upper levels of our professional career path.* 
We monitor our progress over time against aspirational 
representation goals, which identify opportunities to grow 
the diversity of our candidate pools based on the external 
available talent market. 

Senior leaders have long coached, mentored and 
sponsored employees. In 2023, our CEO sponsored 
leadership development programs for key talent, 
including employees from historically underrepresented 
groups. Members of our Executive Committee – our CEO 
and the executive vice presidents who directly report to 
our CEO – sponsored similar programs. Sponsorship 
efforts across various levels of the organization grew 
last year to just under 580 formal pairs. Mentoring 
relationships grew to more than 12,800 pairings because 
of a number of factors, including onboarding efforts, peer 
to peer, informal and formal mentoring programming. 

* A “minority group member” (MGM) is an individual who identifies with one or more of the following 
races or ethnicities: Black or African American, Hispanic or Latinx, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific 
Islander, American Indian or Alaskan Native, or Asian (each as defined by the U.S. Equal Employment 
Opportunity Commission (EEOC)).

DEI Progress
Building a more inclusive culture requires sustained 
focus to drive action and the holistic integration of 
equitable strategies into our entire business. Leaders 
at Lilly are expected to lead more inclusively by valuing 
differences, recognizing and overcoming bias, and 
fostering a speak-up culture where all colleagues feel 
their ideas and contributions are welcome and valued. 
We gauge employee feedback through surveys and other 
mechanisms. 

Our commitment to DEI is a core component of how we do 
business. Here are some examples of how this work has 
made a difference:  

•  Lilly has participated in key external surveys and 

trackers that evaluate our DEI efforts compared to 
other participating companies. 

•  Additionally, we tracked our progress, including: 

•  Management-level progress: Between 2019 and 
2023 the number of women in management 
roles globally increased from 45% to over 49%. 
Representation of minority group members in U.S. 
management positions also increased from 22% at 
the end of 2019 to 24% at the end of 2023. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  As of end of 2023, four members, or approximately 31%, of Lilly’s 13-member Executive Committee were women, and 
three members were minority group members. Our 12-member board of directors range in age from 51 to 69 and 
include five women and five members who identify as minority group members. 

1 As of February 25, 2022

View Latest DEI Impact Report

DEI Programs and Activities
Employee Journeys

Over the past eight years, our employee journeys research 
has yielded important insights about the experiences 
of women, Black American, Latinx, Asian and LGBTQ+ 
employees. In 2023, we conducted our sixth journey, this 
time for employees with disabilities and caregivers at 
Lilly. This journey uncovered priority solutions to enhance 
the employee experience. We have used the collective 
insights from our journey work to create education and 
awareness programs to help build cultural literacy and 
understanding about expectations for employees to 
feel psychologically safe and to help drive equity and 
inclusion.  

Our employee journeys research has contributed to 
growing energy around DEI across Lilly, including a 
companywide network of DEI champions, functional DEI 
initiatives and DEI teams across business areas. The 
research continues to inform several internal initiatives, 
including Make It Safe to Thrive training and our 
psychological safety efforts, which are discussed below. 

72  |  2023 Sustainability Report

While there is always room to continue to improve, these 
initiatives are making an impact. In our 2023 employee 
Pulse surveys, we saw continued progress on key 
questions related to inclusion such as “I speak up during 
meetings without worrying about how it will impact my 
relationships or career” and "I feel comfortable sharing 
my personal passions, interests and activities with the 
people I work with.” 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Access Lilly: Information Systems – We incorporate 
universal design standards in our requirements for 
developing externally facing websites.

•  Unconscious Bias – Lilly continues to offer a 

Conscious Inclusion program, developed to help 
employees identify and overcome unconscious 
biases and create an inclusive environment where 
all employees feel welcomed, heard, respected 
and valued.

•  Leadership Programs – Emerge is a three-day 

program led by our CEO that is designed to develop 
historically underrepresented talent at Lilly. Multiple 
cohorts, including employees across a range of 
dimensions of difference, have participated in this 
enterprise-level program since 2018. Lilly also 
offers leadership development programs for women, 
multicultural talent and leaders at all levels. The 
newly launched Discover Leading@Lilly program is a 
curriculum designed for all new Lilly leaders globally 
to build inclusive leadership skills and foster a culture 
of psychological safety.

Promoting Cultural Literacy

In 2023, Lilly hosted our second annual Global DEI 
conference, ‘Level Up’, with approximately 8,000 
employees attending in person and virtually from 39 
countries. The conference emphasized developing 
leadership capabilities, leveraging three learning paths: 
Bold Practices, Inspired Leadership and Investing in 
You. The conference brought together employees and 
leaders from across the company to embrace the rich 
dimensions of difference that exist across Team Lilly and 
to help them become advocates for equity and inclusion 
through a variety of interactive workshops and external 
speakers. We improved conference representation with 
attendees across all Lilly career paths and all job levels 
and provided more employees with local opportunities 
to participate, including Level Up International events in 
Australia, Germany, Japan and the UK.

Supporting Employees

•  Explore Your Career – We deliver on our talent 

strategy to treat all employees as a source of talent, 
identify future leaders and encourage the growth and 
development of all employees by providing a global 
framework of tools and resources for employees that 
aid in career development and advancement.

In addition, we invite eligible employees across 
all job paths, including employees in non-exempt 
roles, to participate in a global external assessment 
that can provide objective inputs for professional 
and leadership development supported through 
conversations with their manager. Since 2020, over 
22,000 eligible employees have been invited to 
engage in education, and over 12,000 employees 
chose to complete the online assessment and 
receive developmental insights and coaching from 
their manager.

•  Access Lilly: Disability and Accessibility – In 

2023, Lilly maintained membership with National 
Organization on Disability (NOD) and continued our 
commitment to improve inclusive technology and 
behaviors through Access Lilly, which is designed to 
create awareness and training for all employees on 
inclusive technologies.

•  Access Lilly: Learning and Development – We are 

focused on making Lilly’s learning and development 
offerings more user friendly for everyone by removing 
barriers, focusing on universal design and updating 
design standards for training courses to improve 
accessibility globally. For example, we reviewed new 
courses for compatibility with assistive technologies 
such as screen readers and ensured transcripts were 
available for individuals with hearing impairments. 
Across Lilly, we intentionally design learning 
experiences and other communications technologies 
to be more inclusive and effective for everyone and 
make training available so that employees can learn 
how to use technology to make content they generate 
more accessible.

•  Access Lilly: Facilities – We undertook various 

activities to enhance accessibility in our facilities 
globally, going above minimally-required legal 
standards, including benchmarking best practices 
and approaches for improving technology and building 
navigation. We conducted accessibility assessments 
at sites in the UK, Ireland and Italy and are investing 
to further improve accessibility for our employees 
and guests.

73  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEmployee Resource Groups 
at Lilly
Employee resource groups (ERGs) are an important 
component of developing talent at Lilly. Our ERGs 
represent the interests of diverse groups including 
women, minority group members, LGBTQ+ individuals, 
veterans and people with disabilities. ERGs are open 
to all employees and offer them opportunities to build 
relationships, connect with senior leaders and engage 
with local communities – all while surfacing insights and 
perspectives that help strengthen our company and help 
drive a more inclusive environment where all employees 
feel seen, connected, supported and proud to be part of 
Team Lilly.  

Thousands of employees worldwide belong to one or 
more of our Lilly ERGs. Many geographies also have local 
organizations, and U.S. and international ERGs work 
together wherever possible. In the U.S., most of our 11 
headquarter-based ERGs also have associated field-
based and ally organizations. Members of our Executive 
Committee provide executive sponsorship for each ERG.   

Employee Resource Groups

Make it Safe to Thrive Program

In response to insights from our employee journeys 
research, we developed Make it Safe to Thrive, an 
education and awareness program to build cultural 
literacy and understanding about expectations for 
employees to feel psychologically safe.

More than 31,000 employees have participated in Make It 
Safe to Thrive training to gain greater awareness of how 
unconscious bias, microaggressions and the impact of 
current events can potentially harm team cohesiveness 
and compromise employee engagement. Version 3.0 
of Make It Safe to Thrive was implemented in 2023 
and focused on the importance of empathy, equity and 
belonging in the workplace for employees to thrive in 
challenging times.

Supporting DEI Goals through 
Technology Transformation

Lilly's Human Capital Management system is core to DEI 
and a key component of our People Strategy to modernize 
HR technology, processes and service delivery to enhance 
employee experience and help drive critical outcomes 
for the business. Improving our operational foundations 
supports our company objectives by streamlining work, 
improving transparency, enabling leaders and increasing 
employee engagement. Specific outcomes from the 
implementation of the system include:

•  Open job posting for most roles filled across 

the company

•  Ability for employees to designate interest in specific 
job profiles and receive notification when these jobs 
are posted

•  Ability for U.S. employees to easily self-identify 

at any time in the areas of gender, race, ethnicity, 
veteran status, disability, sexual orientation and 
gender identity

74  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency2023 Highlights of Employee  
Resource Groups 

•  Africa, Middle East and Central Asia Network 

(AMECA) – Historically, AMECA represented the 
interests of employees from Africa, the Middle East 
and Central Asia. AMECA has grown from an affinity 
group to an ERG, representing diverse geographies 
and cultures. The group’s mission is to create a global 
village by embracing our cultural differences and 
sharing connections that help build a courageous, 
more inclusive organization.

•  Black Employees at Lilly (BE@Lilly) – BE@Lilly 

engaged employees through several events in 2023, 
supporting the group’s mission that Black employees 
feel heard, safe and valued while advancing in their 
careers. In recognition of Black History Month 
BE@Lilly collaborated with internal speakers, 
other ERGs and the DEI office, BE@Lilly hosted 
sessions on innovation and allyship highlighting 
the accomplishments of our employees. The ERG 
supports Lilly’s Racial Justice Commitment, which 
aims to help combat racial inequity and social 
injustice and encourages its members to give through 
Lilly’s annual United Way campaign and volunteer 
with United Way agencies throughout the year. The 
ERG offers professional development programs for 
Black employees and leaders that focus on topics 
such as career planning and mentoring. BE@Lilly 
also offers programming to address the needs of 
Black employees who work remotely across the 
United States.

•  Chinese Culture Network (CCN) – CCN continued to 
increase awareness of and provide ways to enhance 
the experiences of employees of Chinese cultural 
heritage at Lilly. CCN influences Lilly’s multicultural 
landscape from both a Chinese and broader Asian 
Pacific American perspective, where all are welcome 
to grow and unleash potential in themselves and in 
others. CCN works to help its members develop into 
leaders who are equipped to impact their community 
at work and at home. It offers leadership development 
programs, enrichment events and external community 
partnerships. Through the Lunar New Year Gala, as 
well as Asian Pacific American Heritage Month and the 
Mid-Autumn Mooncake Festival, the ERG underscores 
the importance of cultural stewardship. Responding 
to world events and employee experiences, CCN 
sponsored Bystander Intervention Training for all 
interested employees, which provides tools and tactics 
to use in the event of harassment or a hate crime. 
The ERG continues to expand its influence by building 

75  |  2023 Sustainability Report

new chapters at Lilly sites throughout the U.S. and 
partnering with global affiliates.

•  EnAble represents the interests of Lilly employees 
with apparent and non-apparent disabilities and 
those who are caregivers. EnAble’s vision is to 
create a disability confident culture by promoting 
awareness, providing support and removing barriers. 
Lilly conducted Employee Journeys research for 
employees with disabilities and caregivers in 2023 
and communicated insights internally in the first half 
of 2024.

Lilly was one of the first medicine companies to join 
the Valuable 500, a global movement to put disability 
inclusion on the business leadership agenda. EnAble 
has initiated an enterprisewide initiative called 
Access Lilly that promotes barrier-free experiences 
for employees and customers in both physical and 
digital environments. The Accessibility Champions 
Community was formed and has more than 420 
trained champions to help embed accessibility best 
practices into the way we work.

In 2021, Lilly joined other organizations and signed 
the Business Disability Forum Charter, where we 
pledged to ensure people living with a disability 
or who acquire a disability can apply for jobs, be 
employed by and do business with Lilly. In 2022, we 
received the Zero Project Award, which is awarded 
to organizations demonstrating exceptional work to 
improve accessibility.

•  Early Career Professionals (ECP) – ECP focuses 

on creating an inclusive culture where employees, 
including those who are new to Lilly, the workforce, 
the industry or a role, feel connected, engaged 
and equipped to succeed professionally. The group 
consists of more than 1,400 members who work 
to promote community, professional and personal 
development, and focuses on bridging gaps in the 
business, workplace and community.

•  Pride – In 2023, the DEI Office, International Pride, 
Corporate Pride and Field Pride continued building 
on the learnings from the LGBTQ+ Employee Journey. 
The ERG leveraged those learnings by building on 
the foundation of psychological safety for LGBTQ+ 
employees and their active allies and committing to 
providing visibility and support both at Lilly and in 
the communities we serve. Pride also hosted several 
well-attended events, including quarterly Pride and 
Ally Lives, to strategically drive LGBTQ+ engagement, 
increase allyship and educate employees on topics 
important to the LGBTQ+ community. Pride supported 
two important initiatives over the past year. First, the 
introduction of technology that allows employees in 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencycommunity through multiple Hispanic Heritage 
Month events and partnered closely with external 
community organizations providing opportunities for 
volunteering and allowing Lilly employees to impact 
the communities where they live.

•  Veterans Leadership Network (VLN) – VLN 

successfully grew its membership by 38% to more 
than 1,000 members and held events with record 
attendance in 2023, including the annual Army vs. 
Navy flag football game and tailgate. The network 
continues to partner with Lilly’s recruitment and 
retention teams to improve veteran representation 
at the company and raise awareness of the unique 
set of skills and value that veterans can bring to Lilly. 
This partnership includes supporting the Department 
of Defense SkillBridge Internship Program to help 
participating service members transition from the 
military to civilian work. VLN hosted its annual Toys 
for Tots drive and multiple volunteer events to provide 
support to homeless veterans through our partnership 
with the Hoosier Veterans Assistance Foundation. The 
network grew its presence at Lilly's Research Triangle 
Park location in North Carolina and established new 
groups at Lilly facilities in Colorado and Philadelphia.

•  Women’s Initiative for Leading at Lilly (WILL) – WILL 
works to create advocacy for gender equity at Lilly 
by empowering women and men through training, 
networking, and mentorship to elevate women’s voices 
and perspectives in the business. WILL has more 
than 4,500 employee members. WILL engages their 
community through external partnerships with Lean 
In, Girls Inc., Women of Color in Pharma, Healthcare 
Businesswomen’s Association and Integrating Women 
Leaders. This year, the community benefited from 
efforts such as:

•  Men as Allies mentoring

•  Greater connection with other ERGs while 

underscoring intersectionality

•  Engagements in difficult conversations about 
external events that impact our employees to 
ensure voices are heard, benefits are understood 
and that the company understands the feelings of 
impacted employees

•  Workshops on the realities of women in the 

workforce at Lilly’s signature DEI event, Level Up.

the U.S. and Puerto Rico to self-identify their sexual 
orientation, gender identity and appropriate pronouns 
to better reflect and represent these dimensions of 
difference. Second, ERG members partnered with 
the DEI Office to build and rollout a computer-based 
training for first-line supervisors to provide culturally 
informed education and build a more inclusive culture.

International LGBTQ+ Allies – This group is part of 
Lilly’s Pride network and promotes equal experience, 
treatment and safety for Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, 
Transgender and Queer or Questioning people 
everywhere Lilly operates. The scope of the group 
includes all countries outside of the U.S., and the 
group works to enable LGBTQ+ people to bring their 
authentic selves to work and to help them feel valued 
and included everywhere in the world. The ERG has 
worked to expand global awareness and education 
by hosting discussions of the LGBTQ+ journey across 
multiple international hubs, offering a podcast about 
allyship and an internal Viva Engage page where allies 
can engage in a safe space to learn and ask questions 
about LGBTQ+ topics.

Japan International Leadership Network (JILN) – 
JILN educates employees and leaders on the value of 
the Japanese market and the capabilities Japanese 
employees bring to the broader Lilly community. JILN 
hosts an annual Japan Day to focus on the growing 
Japanese market and hosts multiple lunch-and-learns 
to create cultural awareness and educate employees 
on how to create an inclusive workplace.

• 

• 

•  Lilly India Network (LIN) – In 2023, LIN hosted 

Lilly’s annual global Diwali celebration with more 
than 1,000 attendees. The group also sponsored a 
speaking series, a panel to discuss gender diversity 
in South Asia with about 100 attendees globally. LIN 
membership expanded globally last year through 
increased partnerships with cultural and cross-
cultural engagements. LIN collaborated with CCN, 
AMECA and the Asian American Field Network affinity 
group to host and celebrate Asian Pacific American 
Heritage Month and hosted multiple mixers to create a 
sense of community among volunteers.

•  Organization of Latinx at Lilly (OLA) – OLA’s focus 
in 2023 was empowerment of the Latinx workforce 
to own their career development and contribute to 
creating a best-in-class employee experience at 
Lilly. To do this OLA launched a new program that 
provided 1:1 mentorship to participants, expanded 
reach of the Latinx Mentorship Circles and hosted 
several workshops and events on career development 
and leadership topics as well as networking events. 
In addition, OLA celebrated and enhanced cultural 
awareness of the rich diversity within the Latinx 

76  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  GIN WILL International – The Gender Inclusion 

Network, Women’s Initiative Leading at Lilly, known 
as GIN WILL International, sponsored a team 
of women across global hubs at the Integrating 
Women Leadership Conference that hosts speakers 
to share best practices on how to improve female 
representation in leadership. GIN WILL works 
to establish an international presence to focus 
on allyship through initiatives like the Strategic 
Mentorship Program. The ERG also launched a 
podcast series that featured different Lilly leaders and 
employees around the world sharing experiences and 
learnings on how they are navigating both personal 
and professional challenges.

Our Approach to  
Talent Acquisition
We believe cultivating diverse talent starts with the 
talent acquisition process and continues through the 
training and development of people with wide-ranging 
backgrounds and experiences. Lilly has a history of 
fostering diverse representation in our recruiting 
practices with a focus on opportunities to expand our 
pool of candidates to reach more candidates across a 
variety of dimensions, including but not limited to race, 
religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, national 
origin, veteran status, disability status, education and 
experience.  

As part of our efforts to build a diverse recruitment 
pipeline, we have: 

•  Established new recruiting relationships and 

partnerships with institutions (including Historically 
Black Colleges and Universities) such as Morehouse 
School of Medicine, Charles R. Drew University of 
Medicine and Science and Purdue University. 

• 

Implemented a number of programs through Lilly 
Research Labs, including our Accelerated R&D 
leadership program (bringing in MD/MBA and Ph.D/
MBA talent from highly regarded business schools); 
postdoctoral scientist program; and Medicines 
Innovation Hub Talent Development Academy, 
focused on early career scientists, potential leaders 
and experienced scientists for rotations within our 
organization. 

•  Partnered with community organizations to 

identify first- and second-year college students for 
participation in our Summer Experience Program, 
and provided high school students with opportunities 
to explore their interests in information technology 

77  |  2023 Sustainability Report

through our Information and Digital Solutions High 
School Program. 

•  Worked with the Department of Defense SkillBridge 
program, which provides service members with 
opportunities to gain valuable civilian work experience 
during the last 180 days of service.   

•  Launched multiple apprenticeship programs, 

including under a broader initiative called Skills First, 
which aims to hire and upskill individuals without 
four-year degrees, leveraging relationships with Ivy 
Tech Community College, Martin University, Be Nimble 
and the Indianapolis Urban League.

Clinical Trial Diversity
Every time someone takes a medicine – even if it’s over 
the counter – they are benefitting from the results of a 
clinical trial, a scientific study where researchers apply 
rigorous testing to ensure the safety and effectiveness of 
a medicine. 

Many factors impact how someone will respond to a 
treatment, including their genetic background, race and/
or ethnicity, gender, lifestyle and physical environment. 
To ensure that medicines are safe and effective for the 
patients who bear the burden of disease, it is critical 
that the patient population in clinical trials reflect the 
prevalence of the disease in the community. At Lilly, 
inclusive research goes beyond meeting regulatory 
requirements: it is a strategic business imperative 
that allows us to have greater impact in improving 
equitable health outcomes. Unfortunately, clinical 
trials have traditionally lacked inclusion of historically 
underrepresented populations. According to the FDA's 
2020 Drug Trials Snapshot report, the 53 approved novel 
drugs that year included 32,000 clinical trial participants. 
Seventy-five percent of those participants were White, 
but just 8% Black/African American, 6% Asian and 
11% Hispanic/Latino. By comparison in 2020, the U.S. 
population was 62% White, 13% Black, 7% Asian, and 19% 
Hispanic/Latino. 

To increase trial accessibility to more patients, Lilly 
established clear, measurable goals to increase diversity 
in our trials, which helps us better understand more fully 
the comprehensive safety and efficacy of the medicines 
we develop for the patients who will be taking them. 

These goals include: 

•  Strategically designing trials to enroll participants who 
match the prevalence of the disease in the community.  

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
• 

Intentionally selecting a diverse range of  
clinical investigators in underrepresented  
patient geographies. 

•  Ensuring tailored reach through elevating the patient’s 
voice, education activities and collaboration efforts.

• 

Increasing diverse representation through education, 
partnerships and collaboration.

Community-Based Research

In order to fulfill Lilly’s mission of increasing access 
to medicines for all patients and participants, Lilly 
continues to identify and implement new ways to conduct 
community-based research, known as decentralized 
clinical trials.

Time off work, travel to the site and other inconveniences 
of a typical clinical trial schedule can be a significant 
deterrent to patients deciding whether to participate. 
Community-based research uses new services and 
technology to reduce the barriers these patients face. 
This includes replacing some in-person appointments 
with telehealth visits, offering local or mobile service 
providers for blood tests or imaging scans, and using 
novel data collection methods such as electronic or 
wearable devices to capture results.

In ongoing studies we are leveraging several community-
based research capabilities to increase access of diverse 
patient populations and enable patients to stay within 
their communities while participating in high quality 
clinical research, such as:

community screening events

telemedicine

• 

• 

•  micro sampling

•  digital and community-based recruitment 

and screening

•  eConsent

•  utilization of local pharmacies, imaging or labs.

Lilly continues to invest in the expansion and creation 
of new capabilities based on learnings from ongoing 
clinical trials and emerging technology. By engaging 
more patients in research studies through additional 
accessibility and convenience, we expect to increase 
access to potential new treatments and expand the reach 

78  |  2023 Sustainability Report

of clinical trials to people who may not have participated 
in the past, all while maintaining the integrity and quality 
of data generated from clinical trials.

Clinical Trials Collaboration with 
Community Focused Research 
Organization 

Through Lilly's funding, the Community Focused 
Research Organization (CFRO), in collaboration with the 
Network for Health Innovation (NEHI), continued efforts to 
enhance diversity within clinical trials and actively involve 
underrepresented and minority communities in research. 
The 30 participating multisector organizations in Indiana, 
including representation from academia, public health, 
health systems, health plans, community, faith-based 
groups and Lilly, successfully conducted education and 
training programs within local communities. These 
programs empowered community leaders to be reliable 
messengers on access and optionality of clinical trials 
and surfaced insights to specific community barriers for 
the CFRO's consideration. The CFRO is extracting insights 
to finalize recommendations and guide future strategies.

Racial Justice Commitment
In 2020, Lilly and the Lilly Foundation launched the 
Racial Justice Commitment to support effective solutions 
to racial inequality and social injustice. Together, our 
work and investments focus on improving the education, 
health, and professional and social mobility outcomes for 
Black Americans and historically marginalized groups. 
We’ve committed to building an ecosystem of equity for 
the benefit of our people and patients. The Racial Justice 
Commitment aims to drive change across five areas: 
people development, health equity, social impact, diverse 
suppliers and family-sustaining jobs.

Racial Justice Commitment Progress

Since launching the effort, we have made 
important progress:

Internal People Development

•  Building on our robust recruitment pipeline with many 
Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs), 
we have expanded our outreach, establishing two new 
recruiting relationships with Morehouse School of 
Medicine and Charles R. Drew University of Medicine 
and Science. In 2023, we hosted our second HBCU 
Day at Lilly Corporate Center in Indianapolis. Forty 
students and two faculty members from six HBCUs, 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
 
 
of DIP-IN, committing an additional $5 million to the 
project led by Indiana University Richard M Fairbanks 
School of Public Health at IU Indianapolis, along with 
other partners.

Social Impact

• 

In 2020, Lilly committed 25,000 hours of volunteer 
service over five years to support organizations and 
efforts that aim to decrease the burden of racial 
injustice and its effects on communities of color. 
In 2022, Lilly employees helped complete that 
commitment, two years ahead of schedule. With the 
pledge goal met, Lilly will continue to strive to make 
life better for communities of color.

•  Since 2020, the Lilly Foundation has awarded more 

than $19 million to combat racial injustice and inequity 
in Indianapolis. Funding to date has supported the 
Indianapolis Public Schools Foundation for education 
initiatives aimed at underserved students. Grants 
also supported the launch of the Indianapolis Urban 
League Entrepreneurship Center to assist minority 
entrepreneurs with developing, sustaining and 
growing small businesses in Central Indiana and 
surrounding counties; the Central Indiana Corporate 
Partnership Foundation to support the management 
of Business Equity for Indy; and to aid Ascend Indiana 
in implementing strategies to improve employment 
opportunities for communities of color.

•  Lilly aspires to advance economic opportunity for 
underrepresented innovators by investing in first-
time venture capital partners, with an emphasis on 
funds that invest in health care, health care-tech, or 
Midwest innovation (industry agnostic). Since 2020, 
Lilly has committed $110 million to venture capital 
firms supporting Black, Latinx, Women, Veteran, 
Disabled and LGBTQ+ startups. An additional $30 
million has been approved for commitment to venture 
capital funds in 2024. These commitments include an 
investment in Black Opal Ventures, a fund investing 
at the intersection of health care and technology to 
improve health outcomes. Additional commitments 
include funding to SteelSky Ventures, a fund focused 
on women’s health innovation, particularly serving 
diverse patient populations, and Capitalize VC, a 
fund investing in underrepresented founders in 
the Midwest.

•  Lilly continues to engage with diverse financial 

institutions through its treasury operations, including 
using diverse brokers/dealers for the company’s $4 
billion debt issuance in 2023, placing $365 million in 
bond investments with Black-, Latinx- and veteran-

where Lilly has not been as active in recruiting in 
the past, participated. Lilly also launched Propel in 
2022, a development program offered two times per 
year, to connect Lilly employees from historically 
underrepresented groups to the company’s purpose 
and equip them with the tools they need to pursue 
their career goals. More than 50 employees attended 
in 2023.

Health Equity

• 

• 

In 2021, Lilly announced our commitment of $5 
million over five years to Direct Relief’s Fund for 
Health Equity. Through this fund, U.S. health centers, 
free and charitable clinics, and other community-
based organizations and educational institutions 
are offered the opportunity to apply for grants from 
Direct Relief of up to $250,000 annually. Direct Relief 
will make grants aimed at strengthening the capacity 
of recipient organizations to provide high-quality, 
culturally appropriate health care while focusing on 
social determinants of health for the underserved 
populations they serve. Lilly’s funding has been 
distributed to twelve awardees to date.

In 2018, Lilly announced a $7 million commitment to 
Diabetes Impact Project – Indianapolis Neighborhoods 
(DIP-IN) which takes a holistic approach to improving 
diabetes prevention and control in three Indianapolis 
communities. These urban communities of color 
where there is a higher prevalence of type 2 diabetes 
were disproportionately impacted by the COVID-19 
pandemic. In 2021, to help address these health 
inequities, Lilly announced support for the expansion 

79  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencynext ten years. We also have local partnerships for 
our Skills First recruiting efforts, including Ivy Tech, 
Martin University, Be Nimble and the Indianapolis 
Urban League. Martin University is Indiana's only 
Predominantly Black Institution of Higher Education.

•  Lilly has launched multiple apprentice programs to 
build the skills necessary to pursue a career at Lilly:

•  The Professional Apprenticeship Program provides 

individuals without a four-year college degree 
access to roles at Lilly that they may not have had 
through traditional recruiting means. There are 
apprenticeship opportunities available in various 
functions: human resources, marketing, research 
and development, and beyond.

•  The Technical Pathways Program Apprenticeship 

Program was launched in October 2022 in 
partnership with TechPoint and New Apprenticeship. 
This program focuses on developing information 
technology skills through on-the-job training, 
mentorship and coaching area various IT 
capabilities, from operations to data and beyond.

•  Lilly also developed and launched the nationally 

registered Department of Labor Craft Apprenticeship 
Program, which will provide skill-based, on-the-
job training for people while they earn a technical 
certification or associates degree at Ivy Tech 
Community College in Indiana. Lilly job roles that 
could be filled through students participating in this 
program include positions at our manufacturing 
sites such as maintenance mechanics, HVAC 
mechanics, instrument technicians and welders.

•  Together, more than 130 individuals have 

participated in these programs, and we anticipate 
expanding the offerings to more in the future.

• 

• 

owned asset managers, and depositing $10 million 
with minority depository institutions (MDIs).

In 2022, Lilly committed $42.5 million to Purdue 
University over 10 years to fund pharmaceutical 
manufacturing scholarships for incoming 
undergraduate students, offering at least 75 students 
each year full tuition with a guaranteed co-op at Lilly 
and an opportunity to interact with company leaders. 
With the intent to create a diverse pool of recipients 
from a broad range of backgrounds, priority is given to 
students who (1) demonstrate that they have overcome 
obstacles in their lives or in their educational access, 
such as socioeconomic or educational disadvantage or 
(2) are first generation in their family to attend college.

In April 2023, Lilly announced a $15 million 
commitment over five years for the Lilly Scholars 
program in partnership with the Ivy Tech Foundation. 
This program will provide scholarships and 
experiential learning opportunities at Ivy Tech 
Community College for high school and college 
students from a variety of backgrounds who intend 
to pursue careers in pharmaceutical manufacturing. 
The program also supports a new pathway for high 
school students, which allows them to receive a 
college certificate in pharmaceutical manufacturing or 
medical device quality upon graduation.

Diverse Suppliers

•  Lilly spent nearly $1.5 billion with around 1,600 small 

and/or diverse suppliers in 2023. We engaged partners 
such as Indy Chambers, National Minority Supplier 
Development Council and their regional affiliates 
in Indianapolis, Puerto Rico and North Carolina 
to support the advancement of underrepresented 
businesses. Lilly also continued to mentor 
underrepresented suppliers through the Lilly Mentor 
Protégé program and participated in an “Elevate 
Black” matchmaking program with Black suppliers in 
conjunction with Diversity Alliance for Science. Read 
more about our supplier diversity efforts.

Family-Sustaining Jobs

•  Lilly launched multiple apprenticeship programs 

under a broader initiative called Skills First at Lilly, 
which aims to hire and upskill individuals without four-
year degrees – a population that disproportionately 
consists of Black Americans and other historically 
underrepresented minorities. Lilly joined OneTen, 
an organization that will combine the power of other 
committed American companies to hire, promote 
and advance skilled talent who do not have a four-
year degree into family-sustaining careers over the 

80  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyDEI Data
See our 2023 EEO-1 data.

2023 Data

Board Diversity

As of May 15, 2023, the company’s board composition includes five women and five minority group members on our 
12-person board of directors.

*Numbers may not add due to rounding.

81  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyU.S Workforce Ethnic Diversity

2020

2021

2022

2023

Minority Group 
Member Employees1,2

Asians

Black

Latinx

Other

27%

10%

10%

5%

2%

28%

11%

9%

5%

3%

30%

11%

10%

6%

3%

32%

12%

11%

6%

3%

1.  Historical numbers may not add due to rounding.  

2.  In 2023, approximately 2% of the population declined to disclose.  

Minority Group Members in 
Management Positions (U.S.)

2020

2021

2022

2023

Minority Group Members in 
Management Positions (U.S.)

22%

24%

25%

24%

82  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGender Diversity at Lilly

2020

2021

2022

2023

Women on Board

Women on 
Executive Committee

Women in Management (all 
M levels)

31%

43%

46%

Women in Global Workforce

50%

Women in U.S. Workforce

50%

31%

33%

48%

51%

50%

38%

33%

49%

51%

50%

42%

31%

49%

50%

50%

83  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEmployee Experience

SASB Disclosures Covered: 

Employee Recruitment, Development & Retention 
(HC-BP-330a.1; HC-BP-330a.2)

Management Approach
At Lilly, we make life better for people around the world 
– and it starts with our employees. Through our diverse, 
comprehensive pay and benefits programs – many at 
the forefront of the marketplace – as well as enrichment 
through learning and development opportunities, we 
empower our colleagues to live their best lives. We also 
strive to create a companywide culture where best-in-
class safety practices support the well-being of our 
workforce and the communities where we operate. In 
caring for employees, we power our purpose.

84  |  2023 Sustainability Report

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Employee Well-Being 

 › Pay & Benefits 

 › Learning & Development 

 › Employee Engagement 

 › Employee Safety

 › Lilly's Safety Progress & Performance Data

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEmployee Well-Being 
We take a broad view of well-being anchored in providing support for mental and physical health, financial knowledge 
and security, as well as a culture of rich connections and purpose to inspire all employees to be their best. While the local 
environment shapes program offerings in each of our affiliate locations around the world, our well-being framework is 
global. A global steering team, sponsored by Lilly leadership, actively guides our well-being strategy. 

Pay & Benefits
Our pay and benefits programs are designed to attract 
and retain a diverse, highly motivated workforce while 
reinforcing our care for employees and shared purpose 
to make life better. Lilly’s pay programs reward employee 
contributions and overall business success, and our 
benefit programs provide the flexibility to meet employees 
where they are in life and support overall well-being. We 
strive to deliver pay and benefits with a global mindset, 
differentiating programs where local business needs or 
markets necessitate. 

Health

Our ability to deliver for patients begins with the good 
health of our employees and those they go home to each 
day. Through our robust suite of benefits, we support 
employees whether they are seeking to stay well, get 
well or manage a serious illness. In the U.S., we offer 
comprehensive medical, prescription drug, dental and 
vision benefits as well as annual financial contributions 

85  |  2023 Sustainability Report

to health accounts to assist with medical expenses. Our 
employees have coverage and concierge services for 
orthopedic, cardiovascular, fertility and family-building 
care through best-in-class partnerships. We’re proud 
to also offer health care education and care navigation 
for our LGBTQ+ community. We make getting care a bit 
easier through our telehealth benefits and onsite health 
clinics at various Lilly sites that offer care and treatment 
of work-related illness and injuries, immunizations, acute 
personal health care needs, emergency and preventive 
care. Some clinic locations also host phlebotomy, 
vison care, dental care, health coaching and mobile 
mammography.  

U.S. employees are encouraged to stay active with fitness 
centers at certain locations, on-demand fitness classes 
for getting in a work-out at home as well as membership 
to 10,000 fitness centers nationwide. Employees in the 
U.S. and United Kingdom have access to myBest Life, 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencythe world. In many countries we also invest in benefits 
– pensions, savings and/or health care – to support 
our employees in their retirement years as well as life 
and disability benefits for peace of mind and financial 
protection. Employees in the U.S. also have access to 
$10,000 in annual education and tuition assistance. 

We also provide support to help employees feel educated 
and confident in their financial choices. For example, 
Lilly employees in Ireland and the UK have access to 
a financial education platform that provides financial 
awareness along with a check-up and guidance for next 
steps. In the U.S., employees can meet with a financial 
advisor – at no out-of-pocket cost – on topics such as 
budgeting, debt management and retirement planning. 

Life 

Life is filled with moments that matter and we offer 
support to employees to help balance the personal and 
professional aspects of life. While our employee benefits 
programs vary around the world, these may include 
flexible work arrangements, onsite conveniences and 
time off to disconnect.  

U.S. employees have three to six weeks of paid vacation 
and the option to trade or purchase additional days plus 
up to eighteen paid holidays and company shutdown days. 
In times of injury and illness, employees have paid time 
off and leave options as well as 64 hours of caregiver time 
off. New mothers, fathers, domestic partners, adoptive 
and foster parents may take 10 weeks of paid time off 
and up to 10 weeks of unpaid time off in addition to eight 
weeks of paid maternity for birth mothers. We appreciate 
the additional responsibilities of our working parents by 
offering a 10-week summer camp, 10 days of subsidized 
back-up care services and two convenient child 
development centers at our Indianapolis headquarters.  

Our global recognition program, Inspire, allows 
teammates to recognize one another regardless of 
their work location through supervisor-to-employee, 
peer-to-peer and service-based recognition. Employees 
may congratulate coworkers’ successes through the 
companywide recognition feed, providing a consistent and 
meaningful recognition experience for all employees.

a holistic well-being program to support personal goal 
setting and engagement for a healthier life. Finally, as 
part of our commitment toward a global standard of care, 
we have removed certain barriers to coverage in many 
global markets including health and welfare coverage for 
same sex partners, newborns, mental health and sexually 
transmitted diseases.  

Health, above all, includes mental health. When life 
gets challenging for our employees, we are committed 
to help. Over 70% of our global workforce has access to 
employee assistance benefits and employees and family 
members in the U.S. can seek care with Lyra Health, 
a leading national provider of mental health services, 
with up to ten therapy sessions per year at no additional 
cost. Our global EnAble employee resource group, 
sponsored by our Chief Information Officer and driven 
by a leadership committee, seeks to create an inclusive 
environment by removing barriers for those living with 
mental and physical disabilities. This group has led 
efforts to establish broad family support networks to 
create a safe space for employees including Caregiver 
Connect for those caring for loved ones with physical or 
mental disabilities, The Village for those who are caring 
for children or adolescents with mental health needs, 
and FALO which provides peer support for those who 
have loved ones struggling with addiction and substance 
misuse. Our Mental Health Advocacy training program 
teaches employees and supervisors the signs of stress, 
emotional distress, and suicide risk and how to care for 
one another in these scenarios.  

Money 

We understand the importance of taking care of one’s 
finances, whether an employee is just starting their 
career or on their way to retirement. Our pay, equity 
and retirement programs are designed to support our 
employees in reaching their financial goals.  

Our competitive pay programs are designed to support 
our employees with everyday financial needs and enjoying 
life outside the workplace. We are committed to pay 
equity for all employees. For more than 20 years, we have 
regularly conducted pay equity studies of our workforce 
in the U.S. and have more recently started conducting 
studies of our workforce outside of the U.S. While 
infrequent, we have made pay adjustments as warranted 
based on these analyses. We believe that pay equity is 
critical to our success in supporting a global, diverse and 
inclusive workforce.  

In addition to annual incentive programs, Lilly Shares 
2023 was a special global equity grant to unite employees 
as owners and to recognize the important role each 
employee plays in making life better for people around 

86  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyLearning & Development
We invest in employees’ growth by providing resources 
for career and leadership development. We want every 
individual at Lilly to reach their full potential, which is 
why we offer tools and resources to support them on their 
journey and help them contribute at their highest level to 
fulfill our company’s purpose. 

Every employee has an individually tailored learning plan. 
We offer the specialized training our employees need 
to do their jobs in the highly regulated pharmaceutical 
industry. We also provide training about corporate 
policies, such as those contained in our code of business 
conduct. And we work to nurture a culture of lifelong 
learning by encouraging employees to seek ongoing 
education and growth experiences to help them build 
rewarding careers. 

Lilly’s work encompasses business areas and functions 
spanning discovery, development, manufacturing, 
marketing and global services. With broad technical and 
support functions, we offer employees opportunities 
to grow, develop their careers and pursue internal 
positions across areas of interest and geographies. 
We offer internal learning and development programs 
and resources to help employees navigate these 
opportunities, identify career objectives and acquire the 
right skills in a complex, dynamic environment. 

These “upskilling” and “reskilling” offerings are often 
a win-win for employees and the company: employees 
can pursue exciting new skills and opportunities, and the 
company benefits from retaining engaged employees who 
are already knowledgeable about Lilly and our industry.

Learning and Development Highlights

87  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Learning & Development Programs  
& Tools

Career Development and On-Demand Learning

Explore Your Career is Lilly’s global framework and suite 
of resources designed to help employees grow and lead 
every day – and to help engage and retain talent. Explore 
Your Career provides the opportunity for employees to 
“raise their hand” to receive a talent assessment, which 
provides development suggestions for deepening skills 
and taking on new or expanded leadership roles. Explore 
Your Career contains tools and guidance for employees 
and their managers to assess career interests, map 
career plans and develop capabilities. More than 14,000 
employees have engaged in the program since its launch, 
signaling a healthy interest in career development. The 
program also shows encouraging results at the enterprise 
level, including improved engagement scores, improved 
retention rates for those who participate and positive 
perceptions of career development and investment. 

Lilly U, which features the online LinkedIn 
Learning platform, is another opportunity extended to 
all employees. Lilly employees are curious innovators 
and love to learn. LinkedIn Learning courses are taught 
by real-world practitioners around the globe who inspire 
and engage learners. Courses are available in ten 
languages, and they are widely accessible to Lilly’s global 
team of employees in an on-demand, learn-anywhere 
and -anytime format. The platform provides relevant, 
contemporary learning opportunities across business, 
creative and technology topics, including AI, which is 
a development topic of increasing interest for many 
employees. Additional live classes and programming 
are available for employees around the globe to develop 
a variety of skills, including self-leadership, insights to 
personal effectiveness and effective communication. New 
in 2023, Lilly U provided a global, all-employee simulcast 
event featuring a well-known external researcher and 
author to help employees learn how to increase their 
impact and continue building their skills.  

Data Analytics & Technology

Lilly has prioritized strengthening our data skills and 
capabilities. The Lilly Data and Analytics Institute was 
launched to upskill employees and leaders across 
the company. Through foundational courses, custom 
scenario-based simulations and hands-on tool-based 
programs, Lilly is deepening its culture of data-driven 
decision making and equipping employees and leaders 
alike to tap more deeply into the power of analytics. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyaccess needs. Examples include ensuring courses 
are compatible with assistive technologies such as 
screen readers for employees with visual impairments 
and providing transcripts for individuals with hearing 
impairments. Across Lilly, we intentionally design 
learning experiences and other communications 
technologies to be more inclusive. 

Continuing Education Support 

Lilly supports employee continuing education through 
several programs, including a U.S. tuition assistance 
program available to all full-time employees 
and sponsored graduate degree programs available 
to a smaller number of individuals. In 2022, to make 
participation easier, Lilly transitioned the tuition 
assistance program from an employee reimbursement 
model to a Lilly pre-pay model and removed the 
requirement for one year of service for eligibility. We 
also implemented academic coaching, a new “fast track” 
program to make achieving a bachelor’s degree more 
accessible and increased the annual dollar amount of 
the benefit for all eligible participants by more than 40%. 
In 2023, the dollar amount of the benefit increased by 
an additional 25%, for a total increase of more than 80% 
since 2021. This series of enhancements has resulted 
in more employees taking advantage of the benefits and 
pursuing continued education, with the percentage of 
participating employees more than doubling between 
2021 and 2023. Lilly also provides training that meets 
criteria for professional re-certifications, such as 
engineering and accounting. 

Learn more about how we develop diverse talent and 
offer an inclusive workplace.

Lilly also advances employee development, inclusion and 
engagement through a global virtual platform, ELEVATE, 
designed to help all employees learn how to leverage 
technology to build connections and performance across 
the Lilly enterprise. Specifically, ELEVATE programming 
demonstrates how to use available tools and rapidly 
evolving technology resources to improve productivity, 
collaboration, inclusivity and well-being for employees 
who work on site or remotely. 

Leadership Development 

Effective leadership is a critically important part of a 
thriving organization. In recent years, we’ve expanded our 
investment in leadership development programs, tools 
and resources for leaders at all levels of the company and 
across the globe. The aim is to help supervisors develop 
skills and strategies to lead increasingly inclusive, 
collaborative and high-performing teams. 

In addition to the online LinkedIn Learning platform 
available in multiple languages, we have further expanded 
our instructor-led offerings. Our REACH Leadership 
Development programs continued to expand in 2023 
to impact more leaders globally, with both company 
strategy and skill-building content. Additional initiatives 
have included training on inclusive leadership in a hybrid 
environment, effective communication in a dynamic, 
information-rich world, and psychological safety. We also 
maintain a “Take the Lead” live webinar series delivered 
by Lilly executives to all leaders globally, and quarterly 
learning labs available for leadership skill-building on 
topics such as inspiring teams, coaching and retaining 
and developing talent. 

In late 2023 we launched a new, comprehensive 
curriculum for new Lilly leaders called DISCOVER 
Leading@Lilly. This curriculum completely transformed 
our prior transition-to-leadership curriculum and set 
a new standard for all leaders at Lilly as they build 
essential leadership skills through a variety of courses 
and experiences during the new 18-month pathway. 
The program will be implemented globally in languages 
beyond English in 2024. 

Results of this comprehensive leadership development 
agenda continue to be positive, with employees rating 
managers with increasingly favorable scores on multiple 
leadership dimensions in Lilly’s annual leadership survey 
across the five-year span from 2019-2023. 

Inclusive Training Approaches 

In addition to providing numerous learning programs 
across an array of topics, we continue to evolve design 
standards for training courses to improve accessibility 
for people living and working with disabilities and other 

88  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEmployee Engagement
Our quarterly employee engagement survey, the Pulse 
survey, has been administered in some form since 1995. 
Currently each quarter, 25% of global employees are 
randomly invited to participate in the Pulse survey. 

Our most recent survey in 2023 asked employees 
questions related to meaningful work, rewards and 
recognition, well-being, job satisfaction and retention. 
The Pulse survey evaluates employee perceptions of 13 
different dimensions, including engagement, which is a 
composite dimension of several questions. A streamlined 
Pulse survey, focusing on the same content, will be 
deployed in 2024. 

Over the past five years, our response rate averaged 
between 60-70%, with more than 25,000 employees 
responding to the survey in 2023, which is available in 
multiple languages. In 2021, we also added a Micro-Pulse 
survey, which was administered to small, randomized 
groups of 500-5,000 employees and further tested just-
in-time concepts, such as preferences of working on-site 
versus remote, facilities, benefits and communication 
strategies. This continues to be a key platform to listen to 
employees and ensure their voices are heard. 

2023 Employee Engagement Data

Lilly uses its Pulse survey as one way of measuring 
employee engagement. Global Pulse survey data from 
2023 showed an overall engagement score of 79% and 
an overall Team Lilly include score of 82%. Continued 
elevations in these scores are likely due to comprehensive 
people strategy improvements made over time. The 
Team Lilly include score comes from a set of questions 
that comprise an inclusion index. For example: “I feel 
like I really belong in this company.” “Overall, there is a 
free exchange of views in my organization; people are 
not afraid to say what they really think.” “I can be myself 
around here.” 

Attrition Rate 

Lilly’s total attrition rate for 2023 was 6.86%. Total 
attrition decreased from the previous year, and we have 
consistently remained below industry averages.

89  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Employee Safety
Keeping our people safe and healthy, whether at home 
or at work, is a high priority and aligns directly with our 
values. We realize the journey toward excellence in safety 
never ends, and we are constantly evaluating approaches 
to improve our safety programs and integrate injury 
prevention into everyday work. 

We focus on creating a companywide culture where 
best-in-class safety practices are consistently followed. 
To do this, we assess and continuously strive to improve 
our safety performance to promote the well-being of 
employees and to help safeguard communities where we 
operate. 

All employees are required to complete routine training 
on health, safety and environmental programs. This 
includes general health, safety and environmental 
training, as well as training on industry-specific and 
job-specific programs and procedures. Employees are 
also trained on relevant emergency preparedness and 
response procedures. 

Our Lilly Technology Center in Indianapolis, Indiana has 
been a participant in the OSHA Voluntary Protection 
Program (VPP) since 2001 and has achieved the STAR 
certification. The VPP recognizes employers and 
workers who have implemented effective safety and 
health management systems and maintain injury and 
illness rates below national Bureau of Labor Statistics 
averages for their respective industries. To be recognized 
in the STAR program, employers and employees must 
demonstrate exemplary achievement in the development, 
implementation and continuous improvement of their 
safety and health management system. In 2023, the Lilly 
Technology Center successfully achieved recertification 
from the Indiana Occupational Safety Health 
Administration (IOSHA) for another five-year period. Lilly’s 
Technology Center is one of the largest VPP sites in the 
state. 

At Lilly, we measure both leading and lagging indicators 
when assessing our overall safety performance. We have 
found that tracking leading – or predictive – indicators, 
such as ergonomic risk, safety culture scores and 
precursors for life-altering and fatality risks, contributes 
greatly to our company safety performance. Using these 
indicators in conjunction with lagging indicators, such as 
our injury rates, we can paint a comprehensive picture of 
the areas that most affect employee safety across Lilly. 
This approach allows us to both influence change where 
needed and track our safety progress in concrete ways 
over time.

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencydeviations in our applicable manufacturing sites and the 
number of life-altering injuries and fatalities globally.

Promoting a Culture of Safety at Lilly

We know that to reach our goals for safety performance, 
Lilly must continue to instill and promote a best-in-
class safety culture. We use a well-known model – the 
DSS+ Bradley Curve™ – to measure advancements in 
safety cultural maturity across the company. In addition, 
we evaluate and respond to the results from the safety 
leadership questions within our company’s employee 
Pulse surveys.

In 2023, we advanced several key initiatives including:

•  Partnering with DSS+, Lilly executed the DSS+ Safety 
Perception Survey™ across the company’s research 
and development operations globally, collecting over 
5,100 employee responses. Results from this survey 
are used to help our teams develop actions plans to 
continuously improve our safety culture.

•  Completing two pilots in the use of the Dekra 

Leadership Diagnostic Instrument (LDI), which is 
designed to provide feedback to individual leaders 
regarding their safety leadership skills while providing 
macro trend data regarding overall safety leadership. 
The pilots are being used to set a strategy for future 
LDI use in 2024 and beyond.

•  Evaluating a new, enhanced behavioral safety program 
offering (SafeStart NOW). Implementation is planned 
throughout our global manufacturing sites in 2024 
and 2025.

Working Safely from Home

We prioritize employee safety, whether working from 
the office, in the field or remotely. Our Ergo Answers@
Home program includes educational resources, connects 
employees to ergonomic experts and shares ergonomic 
success stories and best practices. Employees working 
from home can complete an online assessment tool 
to learn how to reduce their ergonomic risk, and we 
provided many employees with home office equipment 
and ergonomic accessories. Additionally, we continue 
to promote the use of an IT software that prompts 
employees to take pauses and safety breaks based 
on computer use and enables employees and their 
supervisors to monitor ergonomic risk level. 

Employee Safety Goals 

Since we first began setting global safety goals in 2007, 
we have achieved significant improvements in our 
injury and illness rates. We continue to evaluate and 
set challenging employee safety goals to ensure we are 
making improvements in the most impactful areas. 

Lilly has established safety metrics connected to 
our safety priorities and improving safety culture. 
Our priorities include developing safety leadership 
capabilities, reducing our most significant risks that could 
have life-altering or fatal consequences and managing 
business continuity risks, including those associated with 
process safety management. Additionally, we established 
a safety goal – to achieve zero severe injuries – with a 
focus on continuous improvement. In 2023, our severe 
injury rate was 0.69 injuries per 500 employees, which 
represents an increase over the 2022 rate of 0.55. Review 
of these injuries indicated that the most common accident 
category was slip, trip and fall accidents, many of which 
involved a behavioral element. As a result, individual 
areas have taken follow-up actions to help reduce risks 
and enhance employee education on safe behaviors. In 
addition, we have taken a broad approach across our 
operations to further deploy safety programs with an 
emphasis on the behavioral elements of injury prevention. 
We strive to achieve continuous improvement in injury 
reduction as we work toward the vision of an injury-free 
workplace. 

With an eye on predictive indicators to improve our 
safety performance and culture, we track several leading 
metrics aligned with our priorities: 

•  Life-Altering Injury and Fatality Near  

Miss Rate – Near miss events that involve the potential 
to result in a life-altering injury and fatality. 

•  Safety Leadership Score – Safety culture score 

calculated from our global employee Pulse surveys. 

•  Lab Inspections – Execution of lab inspections in 

Lilly Research Laboratories to help drive leadership 
engagement and identify and mitigate risks. 

•  Affiliate Field Safety Discussions – A requirement 

for leaders to engage in driving and ergonomic safety 
discussions with our field-based employees. 

We continue to track and report injuries as required by 
local regulations (e.g., OSHA); however, for internally 
tracked injury metrics, we utilize the severe injury 
rate metric, which is based on the ASTM Standard for 
Reporting Injuries and Illnesses. This metric is applied 
globally and provides insights into our safety program 
performance. We also track the number of process safety 

90  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency 
Life-altering Injury and  
Fatality Elimination

We continue to advance safety efforts and continuous 
improvement initiatives at Lilly facilities, with a focus on 
addressing injuries at every level, including life-altering 
injuries and fatalities and our areas of highest risk (e.g., 
manufacturing operations and motor vehicle accidents).

We are proud of our progress to reduce injuries to 
employees and contractors, but we recognize that lower 
injury rates don’t necessarily correlate to fewer life-
altering injuries and fatalities. Over the last several years, 
we have applied a concentrated focus on our Life-altering 
Injury and Fatality Elimination (LIFE) program. LIFE near-
miss events and key learnings are shared broadly through 
our HSE Alert process and data are used to identify and 
implement risk reductions across the organization. We 
regularly benchmark with peer companies to share 
events and new methods for controlling LIFE risks and to 
continuously identify opportunities to improve safety.

Achievements of the LIFE team in 2023 include:

Managing Our Process Safety Risks

Some pharmaceutical manufacturing processes 
use hazardous chemicals subject to process safety 
management standards established by the U.S. 
Occupational Safety and Health Administration, U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency and EU directives and 
regulations. Over two decades ago, Lilly developed a 
globally integrated process safety management (GIPSM) 
program to manage process safety risks. Process safety 
management aspects are integrated within product 
development and manufacturing processes utilizing 
hazard analysis and risk elimination, procedural and 
training requirements, change management oversight 
and many other controls designed to minimize the risk of 
a catastrophic event.

By maintaining a sustained focus on process 
safety programs and HSE improvements, we have 
significantly reduced the risk posed by the most serious 
potential process safety-related events. In 2023, we 
continued to advance our process safety management 
program, including:

•  Driving completion of actions that reduce risks while 

working at heights at our manufacturing sites globally.

•  Completing development of a process safety program 
focused solely on external manufacturing operations.

•  Delivering educational multimedia LIFE campaigns to 
supervisors and employees on topics including motor 
vehicle safety, severe weather, ladder safety and lifting 
plans, and fire safety.

•  Developing a lessons-learned white paper and several 
videos to further educate employees and increase 
vulnerability with operations and technical support 
personnel in our facilities with process safety risks.

• 

Implementing a contractor safety playbook and 
conducting in-field assessments aimed at improving 
contractor safety performance across several major 
capital investment projects.

•  Developing an enhanced risk assessment process 
to identify and control high-risk work activities for 
employees and contractors as part of a globally 
deployed work permit program.

Addressing Our Highest Risks

Consistent with the hierarchy of controls, significant 
effort has been made to expand on safety design criteria 
for new and existing Lilly facilities. To further minimize 
our highest risks, our manufacturing sites have continued 
to focus on implementation of advanced engineering and 
automation controls and process monitoring analytics for 
proactive event prevention. Near-miss data are collected 
and shared, and mitigation techniques are standardized 
where appropriate.

•  Completing a full cycle of internal global process 
safety compliance audits across the company. The 
purpose is to verify compliance with both internal 
process safety standard and applicable regulatory 
requirements (i.e., OSHA, EPA, COMAH/Seveso).

Affiliate Motor Vehicle Safety

Our affiliate employees (i.e., office and field-based roles) 
represent one third of our global workforce. For many 
of these employees, their jobs require significant time 
driving to interface with customers, exposing them to 
risks of collisions and injuries. In 2010, we launched an 
internal motor vehicle safety program including driver 
training, collision monitoring and analysis, and coaching 
support for high-risk drivers. From 2020 through 2023, 
we incorporated additional requirements into this 
program, including increased emphasis on driving without 
distraction, supervisor-led safety coaching, country-
specific driver safety programs, and updated vehicle 
safety requirements.

91  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyCollectively, these efforts have contributed to a decrease in collisions and motor vehicle-related injuries. At the end of 2023, 
our global collision rate was 10%, representing a 57% reduction since 2010.

Safe Use of Mobile Electronic Device While Driving Procedure

At Lilly, we believe that no one should ever be hurt doing their job. The use of mobile electronic devices while driving 
increases the potential for motor vehicle collision and personal injury. For this reason, all employees across the company 
are subject to a global procedure that prohibits, with limited exceptions for brief and urgent scenarios, the use of mobile 
electronic devices while driving any company-owned or leased vehicle, while conducting company business driving any 
vehicle, or while driving on company property.

Contractor Safety

Our contractor safety management program starts with the objective of compliance with all regulations in the jurisdictions 
in which we work. However, our approach to safety goes beyond compliance with the belief that all accidents are 
preventable. We employ strict qualification criteria for contractors before they are awarded work and, once they are 
selected, we require ongoing job-specific training. Throughout all projects, we stress that safety is the top priority, before 
cost and schedule. We emphasize job-specific task planning, continuous recognition of changing conditions and safety 
observation reporting.

Lilly’s Safety Progress and Performance

Severe Injury Categories in 2023

92  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency2023 Data

Safety Performance

2020

2021

2022

2023

Fatalities (Lilly employees, 
Lilly-supervised contractors 
and other workers on site)

Severe injury rate1

OSHA total recordable injury 
rate, TRIR (US and Puerto 
Rico only)

OSHA lost time incident 
rate, LTIR (US and Puerto 
Rico only)

Safety leadership score2

0

0.51

0.92

0.16

89%

0

0.41

1.00

0.19

87%

0

0.55

1.00

0.16

88%

0

0.69

1.18

0.19

88%

1.  Per 500 employees (ASTM E2920 standard for recording occupational injuries and illnesses). Data as of January 8, 2024.

2.  Percent favorable responses to safety leadership questions on Lilly’s employee Pulse Surveys.

93  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyIN THIS SECTION 

 › Human Rights in Business Conduct 

 › Human Rights Affecting the Workplace 

 › Human Rights in Our Supply Chain  

 › Human Rights in Health 

 › Protecting People’s Privacy 

 › Speaking Up 

Human Rights

Management Approach
One of our long-established core values – respect 
for people – guides us to maintain and uphold an 
environment built on mutual respect, openness and 
individual integrity. This includes our concern for all 
people who interact with Lilly – patients, customers, 
employees, shareholders, partners, suppliers and 
communities. Our purpose of making life better guides 
our commitment to ensure employees, partners and 
suppliers uphold our values and respect human rights as 
we work together to improve lives. 

Integrating Respect for Human Rights 

We strive to embed respect for human rights throughout 
our business activities and relationships. Lilly signed 
on to the United Nations Global Compact in 2009 
and is committed to the UNGC’s Ten Principles on 
respecting internationally proclaimed human rights, 
labor, environment and anti-corruption. Each year we 
review and reaffirm our commitment to the 10 principles 
outlined by the UNGC and we provide an index of where 
to find information about our integration of the UNGC 
principles into our business strategy, culture and 
daily operations.

94  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyHuman Rights in  
Business Conduct 
Lilly is committed to upholding high standards of 
corporate conduct. We earn the trust and respect of our 
customers, regulators and the general public through 
the manner in which we conduct our business and their 
resulting experiences. We believe in supporting the 
inherent rights of all people, regardless of where they 
were born, where they live, ethnicity, race, gender, sexual 
orientation or disability.  

Our code of business conduct – called The Red Book – 
and our policies, compliance management systems, HR 
performance and promotion systems, training programs 
and communications initiatives are designed to work 
together to reinforce a culture of integrity and ethical 
behavior. This commitment to act legally and ethically, 
following both the letter and the spirit of the laws, 
regulations, policies and procedures that govern our 
business, includes various aspects of human rights. 

Learn more in Business Ethics.

Human Rights Affecting  
the Workplace
Making life better starts with everyday acts of respect and 
inclusion for all people. We work together to create an 
environment where people feel valued and where they can 
use their diverse backgrounds, experiences, skills and 
perspectives in support of our purpose.  

Across our own operations, we support human rights by: 

•  Offering fair and competitive employment practices, 

including wages and benefits 

•  Promoting a safe and healthy workplace  

•  Fostering a more diverse, equitable and inclusive work 
environment, where discrimination, harassment and 
retaliation are not tolerated   

•  Cultivating a diverse workforce of people with wide-
ranging backgrounds and experiences through 
recruitment, learning and development, advancement 
and retention processes, and programs  

Learn more in Employee Experience and Diversity, 
Equity and Inclusion. 

95  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Lilly’s Support of Workers’ Rights

Lilly fully supports standards that are upheld in U.S. 
law that both adults and children should be free from 
compulsory or coerced labor, and that people should have 
the right to associate freely and bargain collectively.

Forced and Child Labor

Lilly maintains a longstanding practice of complying with 
local minimum age laws and requirements and does not 
employ child labor, or forced or compulsory labor, in any 
of our facilities globally.

Freedom of Association and Right to 
Collective Bargaining

Lilly recognizes the importance of freedom of association 
in the workplace and respects the right of our employees 
to join associations of their own choosing. We interact 
with works councils and unions in several countries, and 
we support these bodies and work productively with them. 
The vast majority of our workers globally are not covered 
under traditional collective bargaining agreements.

In some countries where we operate, governments 
mandate working conditions such as salary increases, 
minimum wages, bonuses, number of weekly working 
hours, vacation time and overtime rates. These vary 
by country, and we follow these mandates wherever 
they apply.

Several of our affiliates have employee councils that 
meet regularly with management to discuss workforce-
related issues that directly impact them, such as company 
policies and organizational changes. As laws and 
guidelines change wherever we operate, we will continue 
to work with employees, advocacy groups and governing 
bodies to maintain compliance and respect the right of 
free association.

Human Rights in Our 
Supply Chain
Our suppliers help us earn and maintain trust and 
respect. We also expect our suppliers to uphold Lilly 
values and standards as outlined in our Supplier Code 
of Business Conduct. In 2011, we revised our global 
standards and procedures to include specific language 
about human rights, including our expectation that our 
vendors abide by Lilly’s human rights standards.

We rely on our suppliers and contract manufacturing 
operations to ensure the ongoing availability of our 
medicines. As our manufacturing base has grown, we’ve 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencytaken significant steps designed to reduce our exposure 
to risks inherent in managing a global supply chain. 

We continue to strengthen efforts to monitor our supply 
chain for quality and health, safety and environmental 
(HSE) risks. We have taken steps to educate and engage 
our suppliers directly on HSE issues and to help them 
build expertise around HSE topics. This includes our 
ongoing work as part of the Pharmaceutical Supply 
Chain Initiative (PSCI), which helps outline what the 
pharmaceutical industry expects from its supply chain. 
Lilly was an inaugural member of PSCI, which created 
and maintains the Pharmaceutical Industry Principles for 
Responsible Supply Chain Management. These principles 
address five areas of supplier performance standards: 
ethics, labor, health and safety, environment and 
management systems. Lilly’s Supplier Code of Business 
Conduct reflects the PSCI principles.  

We require that our suppliers source materials 
responsibly and abstain from procuring materials from   
conflict areas or sources including the Democratic 
Republic of Congo.  

See Supply Chain Management to learn more.

Human Rights in Health
From early discovery through drug development, as well 
as while a product is on the market, Lilly works to ensure 
the safety and effectiveness of our medicines. Our R&D 
efforts and clinical trials are developed and administered 
in ways that support our commitment to human rights.

Intellectual Property Principles for 
Advancing Cures and Therapies

Our scientists harness the power of biotechnology 
to advance new discoveries with the potential to 
transform care, relieve suffering and manage previously 
unmanageable conditions. Our ability to sustain 
investments to develop and deliver medicines depends 
upon an effective intellectual property system. We 
recognize that responsible use of intellectual property 
protections promotes progress for people, health care 
systems and society.

Lilly is a participant in the IP PACT (IP Principles for 
Advancing Cures and Therapies), a multi-company 
initiative affirming the biopharmaceutical industry’s 
commitment to innovation and keeping patients at 
the center of our work. The IP PACT includes ten 
principles guiding the way our industry uses IP, including 
to facilitate collaboration and partnerships, to act 
responsibly in patent proceedings, to support vibrant 

96  |  2023 Sustainability Report

generic and biosimilar markets, and to approach IP in the 
world’s poorest countries in ways that take into account 
their unique socio-economic challenges. The principles 
are intended to balance the needs of patients, society and 
our business — to further health care innovation and help 
patients live longer, healthier lives.

Learn more about our approach to intellectual property 
as it impacts patient access and about our process to 
systematically evaluate internal assets to identify product 
development and access planning strategies for low- to 
middle-income countries, see Global Access & Health.

Bioethics

We conduct Lilly clinical research and development 
activities consistent with bioethics principles and sound 
scientific methodologies, focusing on the safety and well-
being of research participants.

Lilly was one of the first pharmaceutical companies 
to establish a standing bioethics committee in 1999. 
Our bioethics program is designed to address the 
increasingly complex and fast-paced ethical challenges 
of global pharmaceutical research, development and 
commercialization. Our focus is to protect and advocate 
for the rights and well-being of research participants and 
patients as well as the integrity of the scientific process 
and its applications for health care. 

Our bioethics program provides Lilly employees with 
resources including the Lilly Bioethics Framework 
for Human Biomedical Research, position papers on 
major bioethical issues, information on how to request 
a bioethics consultation, and bioethics education and 
training opportunities.

Learn more about our approach to Bioethics.

Clinical Trial Safety, Diversity and Access

One of the primary responsibilities of Lilly researchers 
and the medical professionals who conduct our clinical 
trials is the safety of study participants. Participant safety 
and well-being is monitored throughout each clinical 
trial. In addition, Ethics Review Boards, a team of people 
independent from the research, review every clinical trial 
to ensure appropriate steps are taken to protect the rights 
and welfare of participants before enrollment, and they 
maintain independent oversight over each clinical trial 
throughout its duration. Learn more in Patient Safety.

We believe diverse representation in clinical trials is 
critical and helps our researchers ensure we develop 
medicines that can be as effective as possible for 
the patients who use them. Many factors impact how 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyProtecting People’s Privacy
Lilly is committed to the ethical management of all 
personal information whether it is that of a customer, an 
employee or any other individual. Our privacy program 
reflects our commitment to being open and honest about 
how we collect, manage, use and disclose personal 
information, and we’re intentional about protecting it. 
We take reasonable precautions to protect personal 
information against loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized 
access, disclosure, alteration or destruction.

Learn more about how Lilly respects privacy.

Speaking Up
We don’t compromise on issues of integrity. Lilly policy 
encourages all employees and our suppliers to report 
known or suspected issues, concerns or behavior that 
could harm Lilly or those we serve. We foster a culture 
where all individuals are empowered to speak up and 
engage with management to identify and implement 
appropriate continuous improvement. 

We recognize that speaking up, even if anonymously, is 
our right and our responsibility, and that taking no action 
when action is warranted can have serious consequences. 
We encourage employees and suppliers to share concerns 
openly and honestly – including on issues of human rights 
– knowing that Lilly will not tolerate acts of retaliation 
for reporting inappropriate conduct, preventing unlawful 
practices or participating in an investigation. 

Learn more about our approach to Business Ethics.

someone will respond to a treatment, including their 
genetic background, ethnicity, gender and lifestyle, so it 
is important to enroll a diverse range of people in clinical 
trials for our medicines. Learn more about how we 
approach diversity in our trials. 

Lilly applies a single global standard to the conduct of 
medical trials involving human subjects. This standard 
is based on well-respected ethics guidance and other 
requirements including:

•  The World Medical Association’s Declaration of 

Helsinki 

•  The Council for International Organizations of 

Medical Sciences’ International Ethical Guidelines for 
Biomedical Research Involving Human Subjects 

•  The International Conference on Harmonisation’s 

Guideline for Good Clinical Practice 

•  The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of 
America’s Principles on Conduct of Clinical Trials 

•  Applicable laws and regulations of the country or 

countries in which a study is conducted.

Lilly conducts clinical studies in countries or communities 
in which the benefits of research can be made reasonably 
available for research participants and the host country or 
community. Learn more about our approach to continued 
access to investigational medicine and multinational 
clinical studies.

Access to Medicine

We are deeply committed to equitable and affordable 
access to our medicines so that our breakthroughs can 
transform more people’s lives. We’re also committed to 
expanding our impact on society by addressing complex 
global health challenges, with a focus on people living in 
communities with limited resources.

Learn more about Lilly’s extensive efforts in both U.S. 
Access & Affordability and Global Access & Health.

97  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyIN THIS SECTION 

 › Global Patient Safety

 › Safety of Clinical Trial Patients

 › Upholding Product Quality

 › Preventing Counterfeit Medicines

Patient Safety

SASB Disclosures Covered:

Safety of Clinical Trial Participants (HC-BP-210a.1);
Counterfeit Drugs (HC-BP-260a.1)

Management Approach

From early discovery through drug development, as well 
as while a product is on the market, Lilly is focused on 
the safety and effectiveness of our medicines. 

The safety and integrity of our products begins with 
the procurement of materials and extends throughout 
the production process. This includes strong health, 
safety and the environment (HSE) practices with 
suppliers who provide us with materials for research 
and development, as well as with the contract 
manufacturers who make our medicines and other 
pharmaceutical products. We continue to work to stem 
the tide of counterfeit Lilly medicines and we partner 
with other organizations aligned with upholding patient 
safety and deterring counterfeiting. 

98  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGlobal Patient Safety
Beginning with the discovery of a potential new medicine, 
and for as long as it is available to patients, our goal is 
to ensure that the benefits and risks of a medication 
are continuously monitored and well-understood by 
regulators, health care providers and patients. 

Our Global Patient Safety organization, consisting of 
more than 300 physicians, pharmacists, nurses and 
other health care professionals, is dedicated to the 
collection, monitoring, evaluation and reporting of 
safety information. Lilly collects adverse event reports 
and other safety information from around the world 
in an adverse event database and new safety findings 
are communicated to patients, caregivers, health care 
professionals and regulators, through product labeling, 
patient information and instructions for use. In addition, 
Lilly Global Patient Safety physicians partner with Global 
Manufacturing and Global Quality colleagues to guard 
the safety of our medicines through the evaluation of 
manufacturing specifications, manufacturing changes 
and issues. 

Lilly’s Global Patient Safety organization also maintains 
a robust system to monitor and ensure our devices are 
acceptably safe and effective from development to end of 
life cycle. 

Read additional information about our patient 
safety efforts.

Reliable Product Availability

The mission of our Global Manufacturing organization 
is to provide a reliable supply of high-quality medicines. 
Because we manufacture medicines that people rely 
upon and that can be critical for health, we know that we 
have a responsibility to safeguard the materials needed 
to manufacture these medicines and the supply chain 
logistics that help ensure their availability. 

Our Manufacturing Leadership Team oversees the 
maintenance of Lilly’s inventory of essential materials. 
Before these materials are received by Lilly, our material 
and component suppliers are evaluated for technical 
competence and their ability to provide high-quality, 
efficacious materials. Learn more about our third party 
risk management. 

As an additional safeguard, we have robust processes in 
place for our drug product components, which include the 
active pharmaceutical ingredient and all other materials 
used to manufacture finished drug products. Our 
manufacturing, packaging and distribution capabilities 
also help safeguard the supply of Lilly medicines and our 
ability to provide safe and effective medicines to patients 

99  |  2023 Sustainability Report

and health care providers. Our product serialization 
solution, first implemented in the U.S. in 2018, and 
with ongoing implementation in other countries, adds 
an additional level of security and ability to track Lilly 
products distributed in the legitimate supply chain.

Safety of Clinical  
Trial Patients
We work to find new and improved medicines through 
rigorous research, including clinical trials. We believe 
diverse representation in clinical trials is critical and 
helps our researchers develop medicines that can be as 
effective as possible for the patients who use them. Many 
factors impact how someone will respond to a treatment, 
including their genetic background, ethnicity, gender 
and lifestyle, so it’s important to enroll a diverse range 
of people in clinical trials for our medicines. Learn more 
about how we approach diversity in our trials.

One of the primary responsibilities of Lilly researchers 
and the medical professionals who conduct our clinical 
trials is the safety of study participants. Participant safety 
and well-being is monitored throughout each clinical trial. 
In addition, ethics review boards and a team of people 
independent from the research review every clinical trial 
to ensure appropriate steps are taken to protect the rights 
and welfare of participants before enrollment, as well as 
maintaining independent oversight over each clinical trial 
throughout its duration. 

Before enrolling in a clinical trial, participants are given 
information about the study through a process called 
informed consent, which continues throughout the 
duration of the study. The informed consent document 
describes the study’s purpose, length, procedures, risks 
and benefits, and other information that all participants 
should know. Participants may withdraw from a study at 
any time, for any reason. Participants are also informed 
if new safety information emerges during the study that 
could affect their continued willingness to participate. 

Lilly sponsors clinical trials but relies on a variety 
of partners to conduct the trials. In addition to the 
medical professionals at research sites, called clinical 
trial investigators, we partner with service providers, 
technology providers, research monitors and other 
providers, as needed, to effectively conduct our research. 
These partnerships are essential for appropriate 
oversight. For example, research monitors work with 
investigator sites to validate and confirm clinical trial 
data, and technology providers deliver items such 
as electronic trial diaries or digital devices to collect 
biomarker data (e.g., pulse, breathing rate, body 
temperature, etc.). We conduct robust assessments of 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencythese parties to ensure they meet Lilly standards for 
research and data privacy, and we oversee their activities 
throughout the clinical trial to ensure quality and data 
integrity. 

During the clinical trial, researchers monitor patient 
safety by collecting any information on adverse events 
that occur to identify potential safety concerns. Lilly 
reviews these adverse events across trial participants 
to help inform researchers, participants and regulators 
how to appropriately manage the care of the research 
volunteers, and to inform the benefit-risk profile of our 
products in development.

Upholding Product Quality
Lilly is deeply committed to manufacturing high-quality 
medicines for patients who need them, and the safety 
and quality of our products is a high priority. We take our 
obligations seriously and have rigorous quality systems in 
place to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements. 

Our Global Quality team is an independent organization 
within Lilly composed of about 3,200 scientists, 
pharmacists and other quality professionals. The most 
senior Quality leader reports directly to our CEO to ensure 
independence and objectivity. Global Quality is involved 
throughout the product life cycle, working across all 
phases of drug development and manufacturing. The goal 
of the team is to provide effective guidance and quality 
oversight, collaborating with colleagues in R&D and 
manufacturing to comply with applicable regulatory and 
internal standards and controls. 

Global Quality manages and updates the Lilly Quality 
System, an integrated system of standards, business 
processes, organizational controls and oversight designed 
to help assure high-quality medicines are delivered to 
patients. The Lilly Quality System, which also includes 
sales and marketing activities for the U.S., maintains 
standards that support delivering balanced, objective, 
substantiated and current information to our customers. 
The Lilly Quality System supports and reinforces the 
Lilly values and our commitment to operating ethically 
and responsibly. In addition, Lilly places an emphasis on 
the culture of quality and has implemented a program 
focusing on culture. Aspects of the program include 
both leadership training and employee engagement. 
Lilly performs quality culture assessments of the 
manufacturing sites to reinforce cultural strengths and 
operational excellence. We work to create an environment 
where employees are empowered to speak up and share 
concerns. Learn more in our Business Ethics section. 

Lilly regularly hosts inspections by global regulatory 
bodies of our manufacturing facilities, as well as 

100  |  2023 Sustainability Report

inspections in our marketing affiliates and clinical 
areas. These inspections examine our adherence to 
regulations such as Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), 
Good Clinical Practices (GCP) and quality standards. 
The successful outcome of these inspections support 
continued reliable supply to patients, while driving 
continuous improvement to meet regulatory expectations 
based on learnings from the inspections. 

Lilly utilizes a robust process to evaluate possible quality 
defects and safety issues that may be identified through 
internal testing, an event that potentially impacts product, 
quality or a complaint. Any such incident that poses a 
risk to the patient is escalated, promptly investigated 
and triaged by technical subject matter experts, quality 
management and patient safety physicians. Investigation 
outcomes are utilized for continuous improvement of our 
processes. 

If a market action, such as product recall, is necessary, 
Lilly executes an established process with agreement 
from respective health authorities to promptly and 
efficiently remove affected material and communicate the 
decision to minimize the risk to patients. In some cases, 
incidents of suspected or confirmed counterfeit Lilly 
product within the legitimate supply chain can prompt a 
recall of authentic Lilly product. In these circumstances, 
the authentic Lilly product does not pose a risk. Lilly 
partners with health authorities and law enforcement 
agencies to determine if a recall of the material is needed 
to prevent counterfeit medicine from harming patients 
and to ensure the integrity of the legitimate supply chain.

Global Quality also oversees the following activities to 
safeguard product quality:

•  Testing and Assurance Checks – Testing and 

assurance checks are performed throughout the 
manufacturing process, starting with testing raw 
materials and components to in-process testing of 
active pharmaceutical ingredients to final product 
testing to conform to regulatory and internal 
specifications. 

•  Authorization and Regulation of Products – The 

Lilly Regulatory Affairs organization is responsible 
for the content of product submissions and any 
communications related to review and approval of 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyproducts. Regulatory Affairs also manages post-approval product registrations, labeling, promotional materials and 
associated regulatory policy. 

•  Quality Management Training – At Lilly, employees routinely receive training to ensure they adhere to the applicable 

enterprise quality policies. For our employees working in GMP areas, we have a robust CGMP (current good 
manufacturing practices) training program to ensure that they are prepared to perform their responsibilities effectively. 
This includes an annual CGMP update training that covers current quality-related topics, industry trends and regulatory 
updates. See Business Ethics for more information. 

•  Medical Device Certifications – For our medical devices, we maintain certification to the current ISO 13485 standard 
and participate in the Medical Device Single Audit Program (MDSAP). In this program, multiple regulatory authorities 
can accept the audit from a notified body on their behalf.

Preventing Counterfeit Medicines
Illegitimate or falsified medicines are a threat to patient safety around the world and often undermine the regulated 
supply chains from which patients expect to receive safe, Lilly-manufactured products. Our product protection strategy 
was formally established in the early 2000s. Since that time, we have emerged as a leader and trusted partner in product 
protection, both within the industry and with government and law enforcement agencies worldwide. Lilly’s product 
protection strategy has evolved to address various threats to products and issues that emerged around the globe such as 
counterfeiting, tampering, theft and diversion. 

Read additional details on the dangers of illegitimate/falsified medicine and the roles of Lilly, patients and governments in 
combating this issue. 

101  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyGovernance

IN THIS SECTION 

Our Governance Approach 

Business Ethics 

Corporate Governance 

Supply Chain Management 

Download Data Sheet

103

103

110

113

102  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Governance Approach

Our company was founded nearly 150 years ago on the Lilly family’s core values of integrity, 
excellence and respect for people, and these values continue to guide all that we do today. We are 
committed to upholding our high standards of corporate conduct in all business dealings around 
the world. We believe that a strong system of corporate governance is critical to promoting the 
long-term interests of our shareholders and other company stakeholders.

Business Ethics

SASB Disclosures Covered:

Business Ethics (HC-BP-510a.2);

Ethical Marketing (HC-BP-270a.2)

IN THIS SECTION 

 › Ethics and Compliance

 › Anti-Corruption Compliance

 › Respecting Privacy

 › Bioethics

 › Transparency, Disclosure & Political Engagement

Management Approach
At Lilly, we are committed to upholding high standards of 
corporate conduct in our business dealings around the 
world. Our code of business conduct and our policies, 
compliance management systems, human resource 
performance and promotion systems, training programs 
and communications initiatives are designed to work 
together to reinforce a culture of integrity and ethical 
behavior. 

As part of our commitment to operating ethically and 
responsibly, we have and continue to improve our ethics 
and compliance program. The program is designed 
to promote ethical conduct and instill a culture of 
integrity. Lilly’s ethics and compliance organization 
supports our global anti-corruption, bioethics, business 
continuity, enterprise risk management and privacy 
efforts. Our comprehensive program includes board-
level oversight, written standards, proactive risk 
assessments, monitoring and auditing, and trainings 
and communications designed to prevent fraud or other 
violations of Lilly’s policies.

103  |  2023 Sustainability Report

A key component to our culture of ethics and integrity 
is transparency around how we work. Lilly collaborates 
with health care professionals and organizations focusing 
on improving the health and quality of patients’ lives. We 
believe being transparent about our relationships with 
these external groups, advocacy organizations and other 
stakeholders helps Lilly build trust and respect for how 
we work with others to benefit the people we serve.

Ethics and Compliance
We assess risks in our business functions and the 
geographies where we operate to help business leaders 
understand, prioritize and mitigate risks related to ethics, 
compliance and fraud. We have a robust investigation 
process, and we develop corrective and preventive action 
plans to address issues as appropriate. We also use 
available data to improve our programs to help leaders 
assess the risks they face. 

Lilly’s chief ethics and compliance officer is responsible 
for developing and operating our ethics and compliance 
program. This includes reporting obligations to the 
CEO and regular updates to the Ethics and Compliance 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Our Ethical Foundation 

•  Conducting Research and Development 

•  Respecting People 

•  Assuring Quality 

•  Ethical Interactions: Communicating Honestly 

•  Ethical Interactions: Preventing Corruption 

•  Maintaining Financial Integrity 

•  Respecting Personal Information and Privacy 

•  Managing and Protecting Information 

•  Protecting People, the Environment and Our Assets 

•  Speaking Up: No Retaliation

Enterprise Risk Management 
(ERM) Framework

Committee and Audit Committee of the Board of 
Directors. The Board annually reviews the company’s 
prioritized enterprise risks, appropriate mitigation plans 
and the company’s overall state of compliance. To provide 
a comprehensive review, the overall state of compliance 
report blends key information from various groups within 
Lilly, including corporate audit services, ethics and 
compliance, health, safety, and environment, and global 
quality.

Our Code of Conduct, Policies and Procedures

Our code of business conduct, policies and procedures 
are designed to reinforce our core values and provide 
guidance on how we expect business to be conducted. 
They include processes for interacting with health care 
providers, government officials and others, and they 
are designed to be consistent with codes issued by 
other relevant organizations, including the International 
Federation of Pharmaceutical Manufacturers & 
Associations (IFPMA), the Pharmaceutical Research and 
Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), European Federation 
of Pharmaceutical Industry Associations (EFPIA), and the 
Japan Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association (JPMA). 

Our global procedures and processes support the ethical 
marketing and promotion of our products and require the 
review and approval of this content by relevant subject 
matter experts. We investigate potential violations of 
these procedures and, as warranted, take corrective 
and preventive actions including reporting to regulatory 
authorities as appropriate. 

In 2023, we received no warning letters or untitled letters 
from the Office of Prescription Drug Promotion (OPDP), 
US Food and Drug Administration (US FDA) Center for 
Drug Evaluation and Research (CDER) or the Advertising 
and Promotional Labeling Branch (APLB) US FDA Center 
for Biologics Evaluation and Research. We received one 
untitled letter from OPDP in 2021 regarding a product 
campaign and one in 2022 regarding a social media post. 
Lilly applied the learnings from previous untitled letters to 
its review processes for future communications involving 
all marketed products. 

We regularly update and disseminate our compliance-
related expectations through The Red Book, our code 
of business conduct. Available in 18 languages, this 
document and associated trainings are designed to 
support a judgment-based approach emphasizing the 
company’s values and the importance of ethical decision-
making. The code of business conduct and associated 
training includes our 11 corporate policies: 

104  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEthics Training and Communications

We recognize the impact of people and the role of 
human behavior on our organization’s culture, and we 
aim to integrate these elements into our ethics and 
compliance program as part of our strategy to promote 
ethical behavior and decision-making. We believe all 
employees can play a role in the success of our ethics 
and compliance program, so we consider training and 
communications to be essential components of nurturing 
a culture of integrity and ethics throughout our business.

Training and Development

Each year, we require our employees to complete training 
in ethical business practices. This includes requiring all 
Lilly employees and key contractors to complete training 
on The Red Book and certify they have read, understood 
and will abide by its requirements. More than 99% of 
employees completed this annual training prior to the 
internal due date in 2023. Most employees also receive 
additional targeted ethics and compliance training related 
to their specific role. Employees who do not complete 
required ethics and compliance training receive HR 
discipline, as appropriate. Additionally, each year senior 
leaders are required to confirm their organizations 
are compliant with the code of business conduct and 
applicable policies and procedures.

As part of our focus on nurturing a culture of integrity, 
we supplement our ethics and compliance training 
with case studies. Our goal is to help our leaders and 
employees understand the role pressure can play in 
rationalizing poor decisions and techniques they can 
use to mitigate this risk for themselves and within their 
teams. Additionally, we share details of real situations to 
reinforce with employees the behaviors and best practices 
that have led to ethical decision-making, as well as the 
lessons learned from past missteps. We want to help 
employees apply our principles, policies and procedures 
in their day-to-day work.

In addition to having core ethics and compliance subject 
matter experts as part of the ethics and compliance 
function, we also regularly provide high-potential 
employees with development assignments within the 
ethics and compliance function. We gain valuable insights 
from these participants, and we believe they return to 
their roles in the business with a renewed understanding 
of our commitment to integrity and the programs in place 
to support it.

Communications

We further strengthen our culture with robust 
communications to help ensure employees are aware of 
their responsibilities under our policies, know where to 

105  |  2023 Sustainability Report

find resources to help them do their jobs and understand 
lessons we have learned as an organization. We provide 
leaders with resources designed to help them recognize 
their vital role in creating an environment that encourages 
ethical behavior. We also regularly publish articles on 
our internal website to communicate and support our 
commitment to integrity, as well as ethical decision-
making and interactions.

We have worked to build and nurture a culture where 
people notice and speak up about mistakes or concerns, 
ask questions when they don’t know the right course 
of action to take and listen when someone raises a 
concern or question. Our Speaking Up: No Retaliation 
policy supports this mindset, and we've created a 
comprehensive set of resources to help employees 
understand how we define retaliation, why we do not 
tolerate it in any form and the channels available to them 
to support speaking up.

Tracking Our Progress

We track our progress in many ways, including reviewing 
the results of our annual employee surveys. Results from 
the 2023 surveys show that approximately 96% of survey 
respondents say they would report a suspected ethical 
violation if observed, and 95% know how to access the 
proper channels to report a potential violation.

Reporting, Monitoring and Auditing

To help identify possible compliance issues, we maintain 
an internal disclosure system that includes a mechanism 
for anonymous reporting (where permitted by local law). 
We also review business actions through a system of 
monitoring and audits.

• 

Internal Reporting – Lilly employees are required 
to report known or suspected violations of the law, 
The Red Book, company policies or official orders 
or decrees applicable to our business. We recognize 
speaking up is our right and responsibility, and we 
encourage employees to report any ethical concerns 
or issues, including harassment and discrimination. 
The Lilly Ethics and Compliance Hotline is staffed 
by an independent firm, 24 hours a day, seven days 
a week and is available online to employees and the 
public globally (subject to local law). The hotline 
website also lists up-to-date local toll-free phone 
numbers for most countries, where available. 
Translation services are available, if needed, and 
reports may be made anonymously (subject to local 
law). In addition, employees or the public may submit 
reports of misconduct, inquiries or other allegations 
to Lilly via email. Employees are actively encouraged 
to bring concerns to supervisors, leaders and 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyrepresentatives of ethics and compliance, legal and 
human resources. As our Speaking Up: No Retaliation 
policy states: “We share concerns openly and honestly, 
knowing that Lilly will not tolerate acts of retaliation.”

•  Monitoring – We maintain a risk-based ethics and 

compliance monitoring program. Key components of 
the program include a global monitoring strategy, risk 
assessments, monitoring plans and standardized tools 
and processes for reporting metrics to our business 
and functional leaders. We are increasingly utilizing 
data and analytics to detect risks as a core element of 
our monitoring program.

•  Corporate Auditing – Our internal corporate auditing 
functions conduct financial, nonfinancial and quality 
audits of Lilly affiliates, functions, manufacturing, 
research and certain third parties to evaluate 
compliance with our policies and procedures. 
Audits are determined based on prioritization of 
the risk landscape using a risk-based methodology, 
leveraging data analytics, and are influenced by the 
results of the annual Enterprise Risk Management 
(ERM) process aligned with the company’s strategic 
plan. Audits include reviews of our anti-corruption 
program, privacy and other policies related to ethical 
interactions (e.g., off-label promotion).

•  Assurance Governance – To effectively align and 

integrate our companywide audit, assessment and 
monitoring activities to provide a focus on enterprise 
risks, we operate an Assurance Governance Forum. 
The forum is comprised of leadership from multiple 
assurance functions including ethics and compliance, 
audit, quality and information security. This objective 
is to provide integrated leadership to ensure that our 
risk and compliance programs meet the expectations 
of stakeholders and that our programs are integrated 
across the company to deliver maximum value and 
efficiency. The forum shares its learnings and insights 
with senior leadership and the Board of Directors.

Investigations and Corrective Actions

We take seriously reports of known or suspected 
violations of company policies and procedures, and 
we investigate claims of potential wrongdoing that are 
brought to our attention. We seek to identify and address 
inappropriate conduct as early as possible and to prevent 
future recurrences. Our global investigation team receives 
specialized training and conducts investigations according 
to a standardized process designed to satisfy applicable 
global and local procedural and privacy requirements.

106  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Listed below are statistics on high-risk allegations 
brought to our attention in 2023 and evaluated through a 
consistent process. These statistics concern allegations 
determined to be of the highest risk to the company and 
include potential violations of policies and procedures 
related to finance, sales, marketing, manufacturing, 
quality and conduct.

In 2023, we investigated and closed 287 high-risk 
allegations*, and confirmed that a violation had occurred 
73% of the time. Outcomes related to violations are 
listed below:

• 

• 

Individuals disciplined, up to and including 
termination – 51%

Individuals received corrective feedback or other 
outcome – 49%

*One allegation equals one individual. If a situation involves more than one individual, that 
matter may be recorded as multiple allegations. High-risk allegations may include some third-
party cases and violations. Statistics calculated as of May 2024.

During investigations of high-risk matters, our team 
works to identify root causes. Following an investigation, 
we help business area owners identify and implement 
corrective and preventive actions designed to address the 
issue, as well as prevent a recurrence. We monitor the 
effectiveness of these actions, adjust as needed and track 
and report our progress.

Anti-Corruption Compliance
Lilly’s commitment to operating with high ethical 
standards includes complying with applicable Anti-
Bribery and Anti-Corruption (ABAC) laws and regulations, 
and it extends to business relationships, dealings 
and activities all over the world. Our global policies 
prohibit bribery, fraud and other acts of dishonesty, 
including that we do not offer, provide, authorize or 
accept anything of value – or give the appearance that 
we do – to inappropriately influence a decision or gain 
an unfair advantage. This also extends to our work 
with third parties. We use a risk-based anti-corruption 
due diligence process to evaluate certain third parties, 
as appropriate, before engaging them, including the 
following: 

• 

third parties who may be authorized by Lilly to interact 
with health care providers or government officials on 
the company’s behalf 

•  prospective recipients of grants and donations 

•  prospective business development partners. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWhen appropriate, as determined through our risk 
evaluation process, third parties are required to follow 
anti-corruption policy and procedure requirements and 
participate in anti-corruption training. As part of our 
ongoing monitoring efforts, we conduct independent 
ABAC assessments of certain third parties, which often 
includes site visits and transaction testing. We also 
conduct an annual global anti-corruption risk assessment 
to identify potential risks and develop appropriate risk 
mitigation plans. 

In addition, employees who are in positions most likely 
to interact with third parties are required to complete 
additional scenario-based training above and beyond our 
annual code of business conduct training. This training, 
which includes anti-corruption training, is designed to 
reinforce our policies, procedures and processes that 
promote ethical interactions. In 2023, more than 99% of 
required employees completed this additional training 
prior to the internal due date. Employees who do not 
complete required ethics and compliance training receive 
HR discipline, as appropriate. 

Respecting Privacy
Privacy is a top priority for Lilly, as reflected by our 
longstanding global privacy program. At its core, our 
privacy program reflects our commitment to being open 
and honest about how we collect, manage, use and 
disclose personal information. We are intentional about 
protecting personal information and strive to use the 
minimum amount necessary to do our work. We share 
personal information only with those who are authorized 
and have a legitimate business need to see it, and we 
insist our suppliers and third parties handle personal 
information in accordance with core privacy expectations, 
as well as applicable laws and regulations. 

At Lilly, we expect our employees, suppliers and anyone 
working on our behalf to work responsibly and protect 
the personal information that is entrusted to us. These 
expectations are stated in our global Respecting 
Personal Information and Privacy policy, as well as our 
Respecting Privacy procedure, and are emphasized 
in enterprise-wide training on the responsible use of 
personal information.

Governance of Privacy

The Global Privacy Office oversees the privacy program 
for our operations around the world and is led by our 
chief privacy officer, working with a team of global 
and local privacy experts. As the volume of data grows 
exponentially and as comprehensive data privacy laws 
proliferate in the U.S. and worldwide, privacy is a 
board-level priority. In addition to running its standard 

107  |  2023 Sustainability Report

risk assessment process, the privacy team is actively 
engaged with relevant external constituents to stay 
abreast of new privacy laws, related risks and potential 
impacts of noncompliance, as appropriate, and to inform 
leadership of such developments as warranted. The 
privacy team also shares developing privacy requirements 
and identifies key privacy risks to our broader ethics 
and compliance organization, as well as to other key 
internal stakeholders, including our corporate audit 
team partners.

Bioethics
Our investment in bioethics capabilities reflects our 
company values and purpose to improve people’s lives 
and communities around the world. We were one of the 
first pharmaceutical companies to establish a standing 
bioethics committee in 1999. Our bioethics program is 
designed to address the increasingly complex and fast-
paced ethical challenges of global pharmaceutical 
research, development and commercialization. Our focus 
is to protect and advocate for the rights and well-being of 
research participants and patients, as well as the integrity 
of the scientific process and its applications for health 
care. 

Our bioethics program provides Lilly employees with 
resources including the Lilly Bioethics Framework for 
Human Biomedical Research, position papers on major 
bioethical issues, a bioethics consultation service, and 
bioethics education and training opportunities. We also 
sponsor an annual bioethics lecture. Additionally, our 
staff and the Bioethics Advisory Committee provide input 
into policy decisions that have bioethical implications, 
and we collaborate externally to establish best practices 
in applying bioethics across the industry. Focus areas for 
work in 2023 included continued access to investigational 
medicines, artificial intelligence and gene editing.

Governance of Bioethics

Our bioethics program reports into the chief ethics and 
compliance officer and works closely with the office of 
the chief medical officer. Our bioethics staff, which has 
specialized training and expertise, provides education 
and training for the cross-functional Bioethics Advisory 
Committee, which includes external bioethics experts. 
This committee serves as a resource for Lilly employees 
and is a place where they can seek guidance on bioethics 
considerations, discuss potential alternative courses of 
action and receive recommendations on potential paths 
forward.  

We consistently apply the principles in the Lilly Bioethics 
Framework in ways that influence our research study 
design, informed consent processes and content, 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencynot locally commercially available at the conclusion of a 
clinical study and as a result, clinical study patients who 
are benefiting from an investigational medicine are not 
able to access the treatment. Under certain conditions 
Lilly may offer continued access (otherwise known as 
post-trial access) to an investigational medicine after a 
patient's participation in a clinical study has ended. 

Learn more about our approach to continued access 
to investigational medicines and multinational 
clinical studies.

Transparency, Disclosure 
and Political Engagement
We support various transparency initiatives globally, 
provided: 

• 

• 

• 

that they are respectful of local laws related to 
intellectual property, trade secrets, competition and 
privacy 

the disclosure of information does not undermine our 
ability to compete effectively 

that information is communicated with appropriate 
context in an easily understood manner.  

We seek to collaborate with policy makers, industry 
colleagues and key stakeholders to align on approaches 
that achieve these objectives. 

selection of countries for clinical trial sites, requests for 
access to investigational treatments outside of clinical 
trials, animal care and use, engagement of special 
populations (e.g., pediatrics), as well as timing and 
content of research publications, among other matters. 

Bioethics Program

Our bioethics program has four core activities: 
consultation, education and training, development of 
bioethics positions, and collaboration. 

Our bioethics staff provides consultations for employees 
seeking advice regarding bioethics and research ethics 
issues. To increase workforce knowledge about bioethics, 
we have developed the Bioethics Leadership Academy 
(BELA) that provides a specialized curriculum in bioethics 
for Lilly employee development. In 2023 we established 
Lilly’s first bioethics practicum, which provides a new 
training opportunity for graduate students to learn about 
how bioethics is applied in a corporate setting.  

Our Bioethics Framework for Human Biomedical 
Research and our Principles of Medical Research provide 
a bioethics foundation for the company’s positions on 
bioethics issues, promoting alignment with broadly 
accepted ethics principles and Lilly’s core values of 
integrity, excellence and respect for people. Our bioethics 
program aims to work with other companies to establish 
best practices and to bring an industry perspective to 
bioethics discussions. 

Our bioethics program advocates for the rights and 
well-being of research subjects and patients who use our 
medicines. Lilly applies a single global standard to the 
conduct of medical trials involving human subjects. This 
standard is based on well-respected ethics guidance and 
other requirements including: 

•  The World Medical Association’s Declaration 

of Helsinki

•  The Council for International Organizations of 

Medical Sciences’ International Ethical Guidelines for 
Biomedical Research Involving Human Subjects 

•  The International Conference on 

Harmonisation’s Guideline for Good Clinical Practice 

•  The Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of 
America’s Principles on Conduct of Clinical Trials 

•  Applicable laws and regulations of the country or 

countries in which a study is conducted. 

Lilly conducts clinical studies in countries or communities 
in which the benefits of research can be made reasonably 
available for research participants and the host country 
or community. Sometimes an investigational medicine is 

108  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyClinical Trials Data Transparency

Lilly is committed to the transparency of our clinical studies, and we recognize that responsible sharing of clinical study 
data can enhance public health. Since 2014, Lilly has enhanced our transparency initiatives in alignment with the PhRMA/
EFPIA Principles for Responsible Clinical Trial Data Sharing. Lilly registers and posts results of clinical trials on 
clinicaltrials.gov in addition to any legally required clinical trial registries. For Phase 2 and 3 trials that completed after 
2019, Lilly submits results to clinicaltrials.gov one year after the completion of the trial regardless of the medicine’s 
approval status. 

Lilly makes anonymized patient-level data available from Lilly-sponsored trials on marketed drugs for approved uses 
following acceptance for publication. Lilly is one of several companies that provide this access through a third-party 
website where qualified researchers can submit research proposals and request anonymized data to test new hypotheses. 

In 2013, Lilly began conducting pilot projects creating summaries of Phase 2 and 3 clinical trial results in patient-friendly 
language using simple, everyday terms. Since 2021, Lilly has created plain language summaries of Phase 2-4 clinical trial 
results in English. 

Payments to Physicians and Healthcare Organizations

Read about our approach to payments to health care professionals and health care organizations.

Political and Policy Participation

Read about our disclosures on political and policy participation.

109  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyCorporate 
Governance

Management Approach
We are committed to effective corporate governance, 
which promotes the long-term interests of shareholders 
and other company stakeholders, builds confidence in our 
leadership and strengthens accountability by the Board of 
Directors and management. Our Board recognizes that one 
of its key responsibilities is to ensure that Lilly is governed 
in a manner that provides both independent oversight and 
efficient and prudent decision-making. Over the years, our 
Board has instituted several governance best practices to 
ensure effective independent oversight. 

Learn more about the general principles of corporate 
governance by which Lilly’s Board operates in our Corporate 
Governance Guidelines.

The Board takes an active role in overseeing the 
development and execution of our business strategy. Each 
year, the Board and executive management conduct an 
extended review and discussion of the company’s strategy, 
goals, external environment and key risks. Decisions 
reached in this session are reevaluated throughout the 
year, including as the Board reviews the company's 
financial performance, the performance of our business 
units and progress in our product pipeline. Our Board and 
management are also actively engaged in the assessment, 
management and oversight of sustainability matters 
pertinent to our business. We identify issues that matter 
most to our business and develop robust strategies to 
address them. We also engage with a variety of stakeholders 
on an ongoing basis and incorporate feedback as 
appropriate. 

Learn more about Lilly’s governance structure, Board of 
Directors and Executive Committee.

Sustainability Governance
Our approach to sustainability governance includes Board 
oversight, management accountability, corporate policies 
and management systems and stated public policies and 
positions on key topics. These topics are well integrated 
into our business strategy and operations. We seek to 
continuously improve in these areas, as we believe they 
are foundational to our long-term success and our ability 
to promote the interests of shareholders and other 
company stakeholders. 

110  |  2023 Sustainability Report

IN THIS SECTION 
 › Sustainability Governance

 › Health, Safety and the Environment (HSE) Governance

Board Oversight

The Directors and Corporate Governance (DCG) 
Committee of the Board is responsible for identifying and 
bringing to the attention of the full Board, as appropriate, 
current and emerging social, environmental, political 
and governance trends and public policy issues that may 
affect the business operations, performance or reputation 
of the company. In addition, the DCG Committee oversees 
matters of corporate governance, including Board 
performance, non-employee director independence and 
compensation, corporate governance guidelines and 
shareholder engagement on governance matters. View 
our DCG Committee charter. In addition, the Talent and 
Compensation Committee is responsible for oversight of 
human capital management matters, including diversity, 
equity and inclusion. 

Our full Board is engaged in strategic sustainability 
oversight, receives regular updates on these matters, 
reviews our long-term environmental goals, and weighs 
in on significant strategic investments, including those 
related to our overall sustainability priorities. 

Additionally, key enterprise-level risks are overseen 
by the full Board and our enterprise risk management 
process is overseen by the Audit Committee of the Board. 
Company management is charged with managing risk 
through robust internal processes and controls. The 
enterprise level risks are reviewed at least annually with 
the full Board, and relevant enterprise risks are also 
addressed in periodic business function reviews and 
at annual Board and executive management strategy 
sessions. Company management frequently collaborates 
throughout the year to keep an open dialogue on 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyemerging risks identified from a variety of internal and 
external sources.

Sustainability Governance Committee

Central to our sustainability oversight is our Sustainability 
Governance Committee, chaired by our sustainability 
leader and composed of senior leaders from Health, 
Safety and the Environment (HSE), Human Resources, 
Ethics and Compliance, Legal, Treasury, Procurement 
and Investor Relations. This committee reports to 
our senior leadership Executive Committee and has a 
broad sustainability mandate that includes leading the 
coordination of our sustainability strategy, evaluating 
our sustainability approach compared to peers and 
the broader environment, assessing and responding 
to sustainability regulations, leading formal, periodic 
sustainability strategy updates, institutionalizing 
sustainability topics throughout Lilly and facilitating 
execution of sustainability reporting activities.

Sustainability in Executive Compensation

We reinforce the importance of sustainability by 
including relevant expectations in each executive 
officer’s performance plan. Delivery against these 
expectations is a factor in determining base pay 
increases and equity award values that our executive 
officers receive. This approach provides accountability 
for sustainability performance for the individual and 
allows for adjustments in compensation based on 
the contribution to the achievement of the company’s 
performance and sustainability goals. It also considers 
the sustainability topics most relevant for an executive 
officer’s responsibilities. For example, for sustainability 
topics such as environment, performance objectives 
are established for the individuals most accountable 
for these topics, such as the executive vice president 
of manufacturing.

Health, Safety and 
Environment (HSE) 
Governance
HSE management at Lilly is integrated through a formal 
structure, including the following groups, individuals and 
programs: 

•  Global HSE Committee – Includes senior executives 
from key areas of the business, the committee 
ensures proper oversight and plays a central role in 
monitoring corporate HSE strategy, compliance and 
performance against goals, as well as continuous 
improvement. 

111  |  2023 Sustainability Report

•  Senior Vice President responsible for corporate 
engineering and global HSE – A member of the 
Global HSE Committee works closely with HSE and 
other functional leaders to ensure an appropriate and 
thoughtful response to HSE risks and opportunities, 
monitor emerging and evolving issues, approve 
appropriate metrics and goals and oversee compliance 
with all HSE regulations, policies, procedures and 
standards worldwide. 

•  Manufacturing HSE Committee – Supports HSE 

efforts and drives ongoing improvement throughout 
manufacturing. 

•  Lilly Research Laboratories HSE Lead Team – 
Promotes HSE aspects across research and 
development. 

•  Process Safety Management Committee – Ensures 

Lilly maintains a sustainable, compliant and industry-
leading Process Safety Management & Combustible 
Dust Program and sets the strategic direction and 
continuous improvement plan for reducing process 
safety risks. 

•  Pharmaceuticals in the Environment  

Governance Committee – Sets strategic direction, 
provides long-range oversight, supports effective 
internal collaborations and recommends resources 
for the programs that control active pharmaceutical 
ingredient discharges from manufacturing sites. 

•  Executives and lead teams – Oversee HSE 
performance in our business groups and 
administrative functions. 

•  Local safety teams – Includes cross-functional 

team members focused on monitoring performance, 
execution and continuous improvement activities 
within the day-to-day operations of a specific site or 
business area.

HSE Policy Statements, Procedures  
and Standards

Lilly has brief, principle-based policy statements that are 
implemented in two ways:

1.  through our global procedures, which describe 
underlying principles and general expectations

2.  through our global standards, which provide auditable, 

detailed requirements.

These key governance documents and our related 
management systems together detail Lilly’s HSE 
management and performance expectations. Lilly’s global 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency•  Product Stewardship Standard – Provides a systematic 
approach to managing product and process risks 
throughout the product life cycle, from research and 
discovery to product end-of-life.

•  Global Engineering Standards – Establishes 

requirements for the design and operation of facilities 
and equipment to ensure compliance with internal 
and external requirements and responsibly manage 
environmental aspects of operations.

With respect to the importance of climate-related risks, 
our CDP response provides comprehensive discussion 
of how the risk of climate change is considered and 
governed. Read our latest CDP response.

HSE Management Systems

At Lilly, business areas including manufacturing, research 
and development, sales and marketing affiliate locations, 
and general administrative functions, are required to 
operate with an HSE management system that adheres 
to the Lilly HSE Standards. Lilly’s HSE Management 
System is consistent with third-party standards such 
as the International Organization for Standardization 
(ISO) 14001, ISO 45001 and the American Chemistry 
Council’s Responsible Care Management System 
(RCMS®) standards.

All employees are subject to recurring training on health, 
safety and environmental programs. This includes 
general health, safety and environmental training, as well 
as training on industry-specific and job-specific programs 
and procedures. Employees are also trained in relevant 
emergency preparedness and response procedures.

HSE Audits

We conduct HSE audits of Lilly sites and functional 
areas for each of our Global HSE Standards as well as 
regulatory requirements. Our multiyear audit plan is 
updated annually and identifies which areas to audit each 
year based on risk, with areas associated with high-risk 
operations being audited at least every three years. Audit 
results are shared with executive leadership and the 
Board of Directors, and management must respond to 
and address all audit observations and track progress 
against action plans.

policy statements, procedures and standards articulate 
our commitments and guide our efforts. They include 
the following:

HSE Policies

•  Our Global Policy on Protecting People, the 

Environment and Our Assets – We strive to maintain 
a secure workplace and to protect people and the 
communities in which we operate and serve. We are 
focused on continuously improving our health and 
safety practices to promote the well-being of our 
people. We are committed to conducting business 
in a responsible and environmentally sustainable 
manner. We are committed to a robust security culture 
to protect our people and brand from harm, and 
our assets from loss, theft or damage. Each of us is 
responsible for implementing our security practices 
and applying them in our daily activities.

Global HSE Procedures

•  Health, Safety and the Environment – Outlines 

general principles and sets general requirements in 
the areas of employee responsibility, management 
responsibilities, emergency preparedness and 
reporting of HSE incidents.

•  Safe Use of Mobile Electronic Devices While Driving 
– Establishes criteria and limitations for the use 
of mobile electronic devices while operating a Lilly 
vehicle, including driving on Lilly property, and 
conducting company business.

Global HSE Standards

•  Management System Standard – Defines requirements 
to ensure a robust process is in place within each part 
of the organization to effectively manage compliance 
with Lilly HSE Standards, applicable regulatory 
requirements and other HSE standards.

•  Environmental Standard – Establishes requirements 
to identify and manage the environmental and energy-
related aspects of our operations.

•  Health and Safety Standard – Provides requirements 
for identifying and evaluating workplace hazards and 
establishing control measures to eliminate or reduce 
the risk of injuries and illnesses.

•  Process Safety Standard – Establishes requirements 
designed to reduce the potential for catastrophic 
events (fires and explosions), focusing on the 
establishment of safe initial conditions, management 
of change, and the prevention of system decay.

112  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencySupply Chain 
Management

SASB Disclosures Covered: 

Supply Chain Management (HC-BP-430a.1)

Management Approach
Ensuring our high-quality medicines are available 
wherever and whenever patients need them is one of 
our top priorities. We are committed to maintaining the 
safety and integrity of our medicines, which begins with 
the procurement of materials and extends throughout the 
production process. Through integration of Lilly-owned 
facilities and external suppliers, we aim to manufacture 
our medicines in an efficient, effective and safe manner. 
The Lilly Quality System supports this integration and is 
the foundation for our quality standards and processes 
throughout the product development life cycle, including 
auditing and assessing third-party risk. 

In addition to our efforts internally, we promote strong 
health, safety and environmental (HSE) practices with our 
suppliers and contract manufacturing operations (CMOs). 
We work to mitigate counterfeit medicines and illegal 
compounding to protect patient safety. We also ensure 
that we comply with governmental efforts around conflict 
minerals (see more on conflict minerals below). 

A significant portion of Lilly's environmental and 
social impact is embedded in our supply chain. We 
are committed in policy and action to supporting our 
suppliers and CMOs as they work to continuously improve 
their operations. 

We believe that doing business with a diverse set of 
suppliers also helps Lilly accelerate innovation and 
deliver strong results. We seek out fresh perspectives 
and insights by engaging minority group-owned, women-
owned and small businesses.

IN THIS SECTION 
 › Supply Chain Governance

 › Third Party Risk Management 

 › Partnerships and Leadership

 › Supplier Diversity

113  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Supply Chain Governance
We view our supply chain as an extension of our 
operations and strive to instill our company’s operating 
principles within our supplier network. We support 
the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) principles, 
adhere to human rights and labor laws, comply with anti-
corruption practices, endeavor for a diverse supplier base 
and promote sustainability efforts designed to minimize 
our environmental footprint. 

Lilly utilizes a risk-based approach to prevent product 
shortage to ensure patients have access to the right 
medicine at the right time. To help ensure a reliable 
supply of medicines, Lilly is expanding manufacturing 
capacity, including new facilities in North Carolina and 
Indiana in the U.S., Ireland and Germany. 

We rely on our suppliers and CMOs, including those that 
supply us with research and development materials, 
active pharmaceutical ingredients (APIs) and final 
drug products, to ensure the ongoing availability of our 
medicines. As our manufacturing base has grown, we’ve 
taken significant steps designed to reduce our exposure 
to risks inherent in managing a global supply chain. 

We continue to strengthen efforts to monitor our supply 
chain for quality and HSE events and risks. We institute 
additional procedures for monitoring suppliers that 
may pose higher risks, and we intervene quickly when 
appropriate. Both quality and HSE considerations are 
integrated into Lilly’s process for evaluating potential new 
contract manufacturers, and formal assessments are 
conducted routinely (approximately every three years) for 
existing contract manufacturers. 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyWe have also taken steps to educate and engage our 
suppliers directly on HSE issues and to help them build 
expertise around HSE topics. This includes our ongoing 
work as part of the Pharmaceutical Supply Chain 
Initiative (PSCI), a non-profit business membership 
organization founded in 2006, which counts Lilly as one of 
its inaugural members. In 2023, Lilly HSE professionals 
led the Industrial Hygiene PSCI supplier capability 
building team and served on several of PSCI’s supplier 
capability building teams. PSCI, along with its member 
companies, created and maintains the Pharmaceutical 
Industry Principles for Responsible Supply Chain 
Management (the PSCI Principles). The PSCI Principles 
provide our industry with consistent supplier performance 
standards in the areas of ethics, labor, health and safety, 
the environment and related management systems. 
At Lilly, we have aligned several codes, policies and 
procedures with the PSCI Principles including: 

• 

Internal product stewardship requirements that detail 
our approach to managing risk across the supply chain 

•  The Lilly Supplier Code of Business Conduct, which 

applies to all suppliers 

•  Relevant procurement standards 

•  Standard contract language applicable to providers of 

contract manufacturing services. 

Learn more about our HSE governance.

Conflict Minerals

We are concerned with human rights violations that occur 
throughout the world. This includes the ongoing conflict in 
the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC) and surrounding 
countries which is understood to be financed in part 
by the mining and trade of certain minerals, including 
tungsten, tantalum, tin and gold. We are committed to 
assessing our supply chain and the potential upstream 
impacts of our supply and purchasing decisions as they 
relate to the minerals at issue.

Lilly filed annual reports for 2014 to 2023 with the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) relating to 
the conflict minerals rule. As a part of this reporting 
process, we examine the raw material content of all 
our global commercial products and seek to identify 
their origin and source. Our goal is to develop a better 
understanding of our supply chain and avoid the 
inadvertent support of businesses associated with human 
rights violations.

Our expectation is that our suppliers source their 
materials responsibly and abstain from procuring 
materials from areas or sources that might promote 

114  |  2023 Sustainability Report

conflict in the DRC. We expect our suppliers to conduct 
their own due diligence regarding the source of any 
materials they provide to us. We filed our latest conflict 
minerals disclosure documents with the SEC in May 2024.

We seek to understand the origin of these materials and 
to avoid the inadvertent support of businesses associated 
with human rights violations. Learn more about our 
approach to human rights. 

Third-Party Risk 
Management
We engage with third parties to provide differentiated 
services, enable our focus on our core competencies and 
gain operating efficiencies. Working with third parties 
may increase potential risks such as service disruptions, 
data and security breaches, reputational harm, penalties 
and fines. Mitigating potential risks and protecting Lilly’s 
reputation is a companywide responsibility that includes 
third party participation. 

With leadership from an internal center of excellence, 
we have established a third party risk management 
program focused on identifying and managing potential 
risks posed to the organization by working with third 
parties. Lilly’s program has five foundational operating 
model components: governance and delivery, policies and 
standards, management processes, tools and technology, 
and risk metrics and reporting. 

The third party risk management program focuses on 
the following risk areas: anti-corruption, information 
security, privacy, information systems quality, animal 
welfare and business continuity. Additional risk areas 
will be phased in as the program evolves. The third party 
risk management program covers the full third party risk 
management lifecycle including due diligence activities 
that are conducted pre-contract and ongoing monitoring 
activities that are conducted post-contract through the 
life of the engagement.

Assessing & Auditing Third Party Operations

To ensure we meet the expectations of the Lilly quality 
system, our global quality auditing and compliance 
team conducts annual risk-based audits to oversee both 
internal Lilly manufacturing sites and external third-
party operations. We regularly assess the results of these 
audits to identify areas for improvement. 

Lilly manufacturing sites conduct internal risk 
analyses of each purchased material (raw materials, 
APIs, intermediates, packaging materials, and GMP 
consumables) based on global quality standards. The risk 
analyses evaluate the supplier, complexity of the supply 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencychain and how the material will be used at our internal 
sites to determine an overall risk classification. The 
overall risk classification helps inform the actions needed 
to approve a new supplier, and the ongoing requirements 
that we will apply to the supplier. We have similar 
quality standards and oversight activities for contract 
manufacturers as well. 

For managing HSE risks, our manufacturing procurement 
contracts ask suppliers to support the PSCI Principles 
for Responsible Supply Chain Management, which set 
out the relevant practices any business operating within 
the pharmaceutical supply chain is expected to uphold 
in the areas of ethics, human rights and labor, health 
and safety, environment and management systems. 
Lilly also expects our suppliers to conform to the HSE 
expectations outlined in our Lilly Supplier Code of 
Business Conduct. Standard contract language also 
requires that manufacturing suppliers, if requested by 
Lilly, agree to submit to audits that assess compliance 
with our expectations. Additionally, we engage with key 
suppliers on environmental sustainability topics such 
as climate change (greenhouse gas emissions), waste 
reduction and other relevant opportunities to minimize 
the environmental footprint of our supply chain.

Partnerships and Leadership
We are an active member of external associations and 
consortiums aimed at enhancing the security, quality 
and safety of pharmaceutical supply chains. Team 
members of Lilly’s global quality auditing and compliance 
group actively participate in Rx-360 and International 
Pharmaceutical Excipients Council (IPEC) working groups 
to provide input into industry guidelines and standards 
and align our processes with our peers. 

We currently hold a seat on the board of directors at 
Rx-360 and participate in several of the consortium’s 
working sub-groups to help ensure we stay informed of 
and help set industry best practices. During 2023, we 
are continuing the use of Rx-360 Supplier Audit Reports 
to supplement our internal audit plan as needed. Some 
highlights of our involvement with Rx-360 include: 

• 

In 2021 Lilly participated in the validation testing of 
the now-launched auditsPLUS® system interactive 
database, which provides users of the Rx-360 program 
new and enhanced tools to help reduce their audit 
burden. 

• 

• 

In 2022 Lilly participated in development of a white 
paper on Good Distribution & Warehouse Practices 
for Warehouse & Transportation in Latin America 
(LATAM). This document sets the guidelines for the 
proper warehousing and distribution of regulated 
medical products within Latin America in compliance 
with Good Distribution Practices. 

In 2023 Lilly participated in development of two white 
papers, which outline the basic GMP elements that 
may be required of our suppliers and how to handle 
the management of a critical vendor to minimize 
impact on the supply chain. Lilly was also part of 
the core team responsible for updating the IPEC 
GMP guide for manufacturers of excipients for the 
pharmaceutical industry.

Supplier Diversity
We believe that doing business with a diverse set of 
suppliers helps the company accelerate innovation and 
deliver strong results. By actively seeking out the fresh 
perspectives and insights of diverse and small businesses 
to meet our needs across the value chain, we strengthen 
both our own company and firms across our supply chain. 

Our supplier diversity programs in the U.S. and Puerto 
Rico aim to engage small and diverse businesses that 
have historically been underrepresented in corporate 
purchasing. The programs we have created help us 
deliver on our purpose while also helping improve the 
economic status of small and diverse suppliers. 

The impact of our supplier diversity efforts extends 
beyond our immediate spend. Our suppliers hire 
employees and additional suppliers, which supports 
job creation throughout the supply chain and in 
local communities.

Economic Impact
Economic Impact

Direct impact
The impact we have on 
our direct suppliers

Indirect Impact
The impact of Lilly’s 
diverse suppliers who 
purchase goods and the 
services they use

Induced Impact
The change in the 
economy due to spending 
by employees in Lilly’s 
supply chain 

115  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyA supplier is considered diverse when at least 51% 
ownership and control are held by an ethnic minority 
group member (MGM), a woman, someone who is 
LGBTQ+ or disabled. Small suppliers are defined by 
the U.S. Small Business Administration’s (SBA’s) small 
business size standards.

Given the importance of advancing supplier diversity, 
we have developed a comprehensive strategy focusing 
on three key areas: 

•  Engage small and diverse suppliers, advocacy 
organizations and industry partners (for best 
practices) 

•  Empower small and diverse suppliers as well as 

internal stakeholders 

Impact the community where we live and operate.

• 

We met or exceeded our government-mandated targets 
for all required categories in 2023 from spend and 
percentage perspectives except for Small Business 
percentage. These categories are small business, 
woman-owned small business, small disadvantaged 
business, veteran-owned small business, service-
disabled veteran-owned small business and business 
located in a HUBZone. We continued to mentor small 
and diverse suppliers by expanding support programs 
with the aim of helping our suppliers build stronger 
business practices. We hosted multiple virtual and in-
person networking events to connect qualified suppliers 
with our procurement professionals and to enhance our 
partnership with advocacy groups. 

In 2023, we spent approximately $953 million with more 
than 1,200 suppliers classified as small businesses*. 
We spent approximately $943 million with nearly 650 
suppliers, large or small, who were classified as minority-
owned, woman-owned, veteran-owned, disability-
owned and/or LGBTQ+ owned businesses**. During 
its most recent audit in 2016, the U.S. Small Business 
Administration recognized Lilly’s efforts to promote and 
maintain supplier diversity as “outstanding” – the highest 
possible rating.

2023 Supplier Diversity Spend

2023 Supplier Diversity Spend

$950 Million+
spent with more than 1,200 suppliers 
classified as small businesses

$940 Million+
spent with nearly 650 suppliers, 
large or small, classified as:

• disability-owned
• LGBTQ+ owned
• minority-owned 
• veteran-owned
• woman-owned

As part of our Racial Justice Commitment,  Lilly more 
than tripled our spend of $143 million in 2020 to $491 
million in 2023 with Black suppliers and vendors by 
increasing our awareness and engagement with diverse 
partners like the U.S. Black Chambers, Indy Chambers 
and other new Black Business Enterprises*.  

We again offered the Lilly Mentor Protégé program by 
mentoring seven diverse businesses through an eight-
month structured development program. The objective 
of the program is to develop small/diverse suppliers by 
sharing Lilly methodologies and industry best practices 
to increase the proteges’ readiness for future business 
opportunities. Through this program, the supplier builds 
its network and capabilities for working with Lilly and 
more broadly with other customers.  

Externally, we continued to provide strategic leadership 
influence by serving on various boards and committees 
with several advocacy organizations, including 
being a leader on the Business Equity for Indiana – 
Procurement Roundtable, which is advocating for 
and advancing diverse suppliers. To better support 
small/diverse supplier communities and the Racial 
Justice Commitment, we also formed a new corporate 
partnership with United States Hispanic Chamber of 
Commerce in 2023.

* All US and Puerto Rico supplier diversity numbers 
represent a U.S. government fiscal year 2023, beginning on 
October 1, 2022, through September 30, 2023. 

** 2023 is the first reporting year for veteran-owned 
businesses data.

116  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyLocal Suppliers

Lilly is also committed to working with smaller local 
suppliers where Lilly has facilities, including in Indiana, 
California, Massachusetts, New Jersey, North Carolina 
and Puerto Rico. We actively engage with local suppliers 
and through local advocacy organizations, including: 

•  Mid-States Minority Supplier Development Council 

•  Puerto Rico Minority Supplier Development Council 

•  Carolinas-Virginia Minority Supplier    

Development Council  

•  Great Lakes Women’s Business Council 

•  National Association of Women Business Owners 

(NAWBO) in Indianapolis 

Indy Chamber Hispanic Business Council 

Indy Chamber Business Equity for Indy Procurement 
Roundtable 

Indy Black Chamber of Commerce

• 

• 

• 

2023 Supplier Diversity Impact

117  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyTransparency

IN THIS SECTION 

Our Transparency Approach 

SASB Index 

SDGs 

TCFD Metrics 

UN Global Compact Index 

Reports & Policies 

About This Report 

Download Data Sheet

119

119

123

126

127

129

130

118  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Transparency Approach

We believe transparency is important to ensuring accountability for our sustainability strategy, 
programs and performance. We disclose relevant information and progress around the 
management of our sustainability priorities and aim to stay up to date with relevant sustainability 
and social impact reporting regulation, frameworks and standards that best meet the needs of our 
stakeholders. 

SASB Index

This report outlines how our existing disclosures align with the recommended 
metrics for the SASB Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals standards. All data is for 
the year ended December 31, 2023, unless otherwise noted.

IN THIS SECTION 
 › Safety of Clinical Trial Participants

 › Access to Medicines

 › Affordability & Pricing

 › Drug Safety

 › Counterfeit Drugs

 › Ethical Marketing

 › Employee Recruitment, Development & Retention

 › Supply Chain Management

 › Business Ethics

 › Activity Metrics

119  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparency  
SASB Code

Accounting Metric

Response

Safety of Clinical Trial Participants

Discussion, by world region, of 
management process for ensuring 
quality and patient safety during 
clinical trials

Number of FDA Sponsor Inspections 
related to clinical trial management 
and pharmacovigilance that resulted 
in: (1) Voluntary Action Indicated (VAI) 
and (2) Official Action Indicated (OAI)

Total amount of monetary losses 
as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with clinical trials in 
developing countries

Patient Safety

Not Disclosing

Not Disclosing

Description of actions and initiatives 
to promote access to health care 
products for priority diseases and in 
priority countries as defined by the 
Access to Medicine Index

List of products on the WHO List of 
Prequalified Medicinal Products as 
part of its Prequalification of Medicines 
Programme (PQP)

U.S. Access & Affordability 
Global Access & Health

Lilly does not have products on 
the PQP

Number of settlements of Abbreviated 
New Drug Application (ANDA) 
litigation that involved payments and/
or provisions to delay bringing an 
authorized generic product to market 
for a defined time period

Percentage change in: (1) average list 
price and (2) average net price across 
U.S. product portfolio compared to 
previous year

Zero. Lilly does not pay for delays.

U.S. Access & Affordability

Percentage change in: (1) list price and 
(2) net price of product with largest 
increase compared to previous year

Not Disclosing

HC-BP-210a.1

HC-BP-210a.2

HC-BP-210a.3

Access to Medicines

HC-BP-240a.1

HC-BP-240a.2

Affordability & Pricing

HC-BP-240b.1

HC-BP-240b.2

HC-BP-240b.3

120  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencySASB Code

Drug Safety

HC-BP-250a.1

HC-BP-250a.2

HC-BP-250a.3

HC-BP-250a.4

HC-BP-250a.5

Counterfeit Drugs

HC-BP-260a.1

HC-BP-260a.2

HC-BP-260a.3

Accounting Metric

Response

List of products listed in the Food and 
Drug Administration’s (FDA) MedWatch 
Safety Alerts for Human Medical 
Products database

MedWatch: The FDA Safety 
Information and Adverse Event 
Reporting Program

Number of fatalities associated with 
products as reported in the FDA 
Adverse Event Reporting System

Number of recalls issued, total 
units recalled

FDA Adverse Event Reporting 
System (FAERS) Public 
Dashboard FDA

MedWatch

Patient Safety

Total amount of product accepted for 
takeback, reuse, or disposal

Not Disclosing

Number of FDA enforcement actions 
taken in response to violations of 
current Good Manufacturing Practices 
(cGMP), by type

Not Disclosing

Description of methods and 
technologies used to maintain 
traceability of products throughout the 
supply chain and prevent counterfeiting

Patient Safety

Discussion of process for alerting 
customers and business partners of 
potential or known risks associated 
with counterfeit products

Number of actions that led to 
raids, seizure, arrests, and/or 
filing of criminal charges related to 
counterfeit products

Patient Safety

Not Disclosing

121  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEthical Marketing

HC-BP-270a.1

HC-BP-270a.2

Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with false marketing claims

Not Disclosing

Description of code of ethics governing 
promotion of off-label use of products

Business Ethics

Employee Recruitment, Development & Retention

HC-BP-330a.1

HC-BP-330a.2

Supply Chain Management

HC-BP-430a.1

Business Ethics

HC-BP-510a.1

HC-BP-510a.2

Activity Metrics

Discussion of talent recruitment and 
retention efforts for scientists and 
research and development personnel

(1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary turnover 
rate for: (a) executives/senior managers, 
(b) mid level managers, (c) professionals, 
and (d) all others

Employee Experience

Employee Experience

Percentage of (1) entity's facilities and (2) 
Tier I suppliers' facilities participating in 
the Rx-360 International Pharmaceutical 
Supply Chain Consortium audit 
program or equivalent third party audit 
programs for integrity of supply chain 
and ingredients

Supply Chain Management

Total amount of monetary losses as a 
result of legal proceedings associated 
with corruption and bribery

Not Disclosing

Description of code of ethics governing 
interactions with healthcare professionals

Business Ethics

HC-BP-000.A

Number of patients treated

Our Sustainability Strategy

HC-BP-000.B

Number of drugs (1) in portfolio and (2) in 
research and development (Phases 1-3)

Current Medicines

Medicines in Development

122  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyUN Sustainable  
Development Goals

As a member of the UN Global Compact, Lilly supports the United Nation’s Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) and works to advance these goals within our sphere of influence. We are inspired by the 
global vision that the SDGs represent — and we are committed to doing our part to contribute. You can 
learn more about our efforts toward the SDGs in these areas of the report.

Our Action: We're committed to 
improving educational opportunities 
for children living in underserved 
communities in Indianapolis. Lilly 
and the Lilly Foundation focus on 
early childhood education, supporting 
quality schools and STEM (science, 
technology, engineering and 
math) education.

Our Action: We continue to build 
a dynamic, diverse and inclusive 
company by embedding diversity, 
equity and inclusion into our 
leadership, systems and culture. 
DEI is core to our business success 
because it fosters innovation and 
allows us to connect more closely 
with our customers.

Community Engagement

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

Employee Experience

Human Rights

Our Action: We make life better for 
more than 55 million people around 
the world who use Lilly medicines. 
Through investments in people, 
medicines and health systems, we 
also aim to reach 30 million people 
in resource-limited settings annually 
by 2030. Additionally, in accordance 
with the Doha Declaration on the 
TRIPS Agreement, Lilly doesn't 
pursue or enforce patents in the least 
developed countries.

U.S. Access and Affordability

Global Access & Health

Community Engagement

Patient Safety

Employee Experience

123  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Action: Water is a critical 
resource that Lilly is committed 
to using wisely. We continue to 
assess our water risks as we focus 
on conserving water, reducing 
our intake and improving water 
quality. One-hundred percent of 
Lilly sites will meet predicted no-
effect concentrations (PNEC) for 
Pharmaceuticals in the Environment 
by 2030.

Our Action: By 2030, 100% of 
purchased electricity at Lilly will 
come from renewable sources 
and we will be carbon neutral in 
our own operations (Scope 1 and 
2 emissions). Additionally, we're 
enhancing the tracking and reporting 
of greenhouse gas emissions across 
our value chain.

Climate

Water

Waste

Our Action: At Lilly, we're committed 
to maintaining a safe workplace 
and providing opportunities for 
employees to learn and develop. 
We also believe that doing business 
with a diverse set of suppliers helps 
the company accelerate innovation 
and deliver strong results. In 2023, 
we spent about $1.5 billion with 
approximately 1,600 small and/or 
diverse suppliers.

Employee Experience

Supply Chain Management

Our Action: Lilly and the Lilly 
Foundation launched the Racial 
Justice Commitment, which 
aims to address racial inequality 
and injustices, starting with our 
Indianapolis community and 
expanding on the work we are doing 
inside our company to work toward 
equity for all.

Community Engagement

Patient Safety

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

Our Action: We optimize the fuel 
efficiency and reduce the GHG 
emissions generated by our sales 
force fleet by choosing vehicles with 
better fuel economy, and promoting 
driving and work practices that 
emphasize safety and fuel savings. 
We strive for energy efficiency and 
the use of renewable electricity to 
support our operations. 

Climate

Our Action: We’re partnering 
with industry peers and other 
organizations with proven track 
records to improve global health, 
including through improved NCD 
care for children and adolescents 
and supporting community health 
workers in Africa. We also work with 
leading disaster relief organizations 
to provide medicines and support 
people and communities to help 
them recover.

U.S. Access and Affordability

Global Access & Health

Community Engagement

124  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyOur Action: We strive to embed 
environmental innovation early 
in the product development 
lifecycle through our focus on 
green chemistry and end-product 
engineering. By 2030, 100% of 
plastic waste will be repurposed 
for beneficial use, with at least 90% 
recycled or reused, and zero waste to 
landfill from routine operations.

Waste

Product Stewardship

Our Action: By 2030, 100% of 
purchased electricity at Lilly will 
come from renewable sources 
and we will be carbon neutral in 
our own operations (Scope 1 and 
2 emissions). Additionally, we're 
enhancing the tracking and reporting 
of greenhouse gas emissions across 
our value chain.

Our Action: Lilly continues to be 
an industry leader in using rFC, a 
scientifically proven, sustainable 
alternative to the horseshoe crab-
sourced testing reagent, LAL. This 
is especially important given that 
several species of crabs are under 
threat or endangered from habitat 
loss and overharvesting.

Climate

Water

Product Stewardship

Biodiversity

Our Action: We strive to protect 
designated biodiversity rich areas, 
manage existing biodiversity at our 
sites and enhance biodiversity within 
the communities where we operate. 

Biodiversity

Our Action: We train all of our 
employees in ethical business 
practices and have systems in 
place to detect violations of laws, 
regulations and company policies, 
including those related to anti-
corruption. We also expect our 
vendors to abide by Lilly’s human 
rights standards and our Supplier 
Code of Business Conduct.

Business Ethics

Corporate Governance

Human Rights

Our Action: Through strategic 
partnerships, Lilly and the Eli Lilly 
and Company Foundation work to 
advance government priorities, 
strengthen local health care systems 
and improve access to care. Lilly 
also establishes key partnerships to 
extend the reach of our impact and 
engage in targeted social issues that 
affect our business and employees, 
with an emphasis on health, racial 
justice and education.

U.S. Access and Affordability

Global Access & Health

Community Engagement

125  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyTCFD Metrics

TCFD Metrics

TCFD Governance

Response

Describe the board’s oversight of climate-related risks 
and opportunities

CDP Climate report: C1.1, C1.1a, C1.1b

Climate

Describe management’s role in assessing and managing 
climate-related risks and opportunities

CDP Climate report: C1.2, C1.2a

Climate

TCFD Strategy

Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities the 
organization has identified over the short, medium, and 
long term

CDP Climate report: C2.3, C2.3a, C2.4, C2.4a

Climate

Describe the impact of climate-related risks and 
opportunities on the organization’s business, strategy and 
financial planning

CDP Climate report: C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.1, C3.2a, C3.2b, 
C3.3, C3.4

Climate

Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, 
taking into consideration different climate-related 
scenarios, including a 2°C or lower scenario

CDP Climate report: C3.2, C3.2a, C3.2b

Climate

Risk Management

Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and 
assessing climate-related risks

Describe the organization’s processes for managing 
climate-related risks

CDP Climate report: C2.1, C2.1a, C2.2, C2.2a

Climate

CDP Climate report: C2.1, C2.2

Climate

Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and 
managing climate-related risks are integrated into the 
organization’s overall risk management

CDP Climate report: C2.1, C2.2

Climate

TCFD Metrics and Targets

Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess 
climate-related risks and opportunities in line with its 
strategy and risk management process

CDP Climate report: C4.2, C4.2a, C4.2b, C9.1

Climate

Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and if appropriate, Scope 3 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks

CDP Climate report: C6.1, C6.3, C6.5, C6.5a

Climate

Describe the targets used by the organization to manage 
climate-related risks and opportunities and performance 
against targets

CDP Climate report: C4.1, C4.1a, C4.1b, C4.2, 
C4.2a, C4.2b

Climate

126  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyUN Global Compact Index

1. Statement of continued support by 
the Chief Executive Officer

2. Description of actions: 
Human Rights

Principle 1:

Principle 2:

Labor

Principle 3:

Principle 4:

Principle 5:

Principle 6:

Environment

Principle 7:

CEO Letter

Businesses should support 
and respect the protection of 
internationally proclaimed human 
rights; and

Human Rights
U.S. Access & Affordability
Global Access & Health
Patient Safety
Community Engagement

make sure that they are not complicit 
in human rights abuses.

Human Rights
Lilly Code of Business Conduct
Lilly Supplier Code of Business Conduct

Businesses should uphold the 
freedom of association and the 
effective recognition of the right to 
collective bargaining;

Human Rights
Employee Experience 
Business Ethics
Corporate Governance

the elimination of all forms of forced 
and compulsory labor;

Human Rights
Corporate Governance
Lilly Supplier Code of Business Conduct

the effective abolition of child 
labor; and

Human Rights
Corporate Governance
Lilly Supplier Code of Business Conduct

the elimination of discrimination 
in respect of employment 
and occupation.

Employee Experience 
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

Businesses should support 
a precautionary approach to 
environmental challenges;

Corporate Governance
Climate
Product Stewardship
Supply Chain Management
Waste
Water
CDP Climate Change Response
CDP Water Security Response

127  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyPrinciple 8:

Principle 9:

Anti-corruption

Principle 10:

3. Measurement of outcomes

undertake initiatives to 
promote greater environmental 
responsibility; and

Corporate Governance
Climate
Product Stewardship
Supply Chain Management
Waste
Water
CDP Climate Change Response
CDP Water Security Response

encourage the development 
and diffusion of environmentally 
friendly technologies.

Product Stewardship

Businesses should work against 
corruption in all its forms, including 
extortion and bribery.

Corporate Governance
Business Ethics
Supply Chain Management
Lilly Code of Business Conduct
Lilly Supplier Code of Business Conduct

Environmental
Social
Governance
SASB Index
TCFD Index
CDP Climate Change Response
CDP Water Security Response

128  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyReports & Policies

Reports
•  Sustainability Reporting Archives

•  2023 Year in Review

•  Annual Report and Proxy Statement archive

•  2023 CDP Climate Change Response

•  2023 CDP Water Security Response

•  Principles of Medical Research

•  HCO and HCP Transparency

Sustainability Bond

•  2022 Sustainability Bond Allocation Report

•  2021 Sustainability Bond Allocation Report

•  Bureau Veritas Assurance Statement with 

•  Press Release: Lilly Prices First Sustainability Bond 

Verified Data

•  Basis of Reporting for Key Environmental 

Sustainability Indicators

to Advance Global ESG Strategy

•  Sustainability Bond Framework

•  Second Party Opinion

•  2023 EEO-1 Report

•  Lilly DEI Impact Report

Policies

•  Public Policies

•  USD Tender offer and Marketing Notice for Euro/ GBP 

Bonds with a Sustainability Bond Tranche

Other resources

•  Key Facts

•  Business Ethics Policies

•  Clinical Development Pipeline

•  Lilly Code of Business Conduct (The Red Book)

•  Current Medicines

•  Lilly Supplier Code of Business Conduct

•  Executive Committee

•  Protecting People, the Environment and Our Assets

•  Board of Directors

•  Human Rights Policy

•  Privacy Program

•  Tax Principles

•  Recognitions

Investor Information

• 

129  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyAbout Our 
Sustainability Report 

Time period.  

This report represents our sustainability performance 
for 2023. Data and other updates contained in this digital 
report are focused on the 2023 calendar year and include 
our global operations, unless otherwise noted. We also 
discuss data and trends from previous years where 
relevant.  

Scope.  

This report does not include joint ventures, partially 
owned subsidiaries or outsourced operations. This 
report may reference the Eli Lilly and Company 
Foundation, commonly referred to as the Lilly 
Foundation, established in 1968. The Lilly Foundation 
is an independent private, tax-exempt organization 
that makes strategic and philanthropic investments 
consistent with Lilly’s purpose. It may also reference 
other philanthropic organizations including the Lilly 
Cares Foundation, a nonprofit organization that offers 
the Lilly Cares Foundation Patient Assistance Program. 
This program helps qualified people in need receive Lilly 
medicines at no cost. Eligibility is determined by each 
tax-exempt organization.

Data measurement and uncertainty.  

Lilly and its affiliates provide medicines to separate 
charitable organizations that offer free Lilly medicines to 
qualifying patients. Throughout this report, products are 
valued at wholesale acquisition costs.  

Lilly follows structured processes to collect, evaluate, 
calculate and validate the data included in this report. 
We consider external standards in deciding what data to 
collect and report. The data presented in this report are 
collected using various methodologies, which in some 
instances are based on assumptions and estimates in 
which there are inherent uncertainties and limitations. 
For example, information may come from third-party 
sources and operations outside of our control. While we 
believe such information is reasonably accurate and is 
based on reasonable principles and methodology, the 
third-party collection and validation of this data is beyond 
our direct control. In addition, the achievement of certain 
sustainability goals and targets may be dependent on the 

130  |  2023 Sustainability Report

actions of our partners, suppliers and other third parties, 
all of which are outside of our control. 

Furthermore, environmental data in this report is 
subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from 
limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used 
for determining such data. The precision of different 
measurement techniques may vary.

As we improve our methodologies and as new information 
becomes available, we may continue to revise our 
estimates and assumptions. Methodology changes may 
include, without limitation, changes in a calculation, 
improvements in the quality of data, greater data 
granularity or updates to available third party-reported 
data. Such updates may result in material changes to our 
calculations and may also result in adjustments made to 
the current and previous periods.  

Referenced Frameworks. 

Our global health, safety and the environment (HSE) 
management system is consistent with third-party 
standards such as the International Organization for 
Standardization (ISO) ISO 14001, ISO 45001 and the 
American Chemistry Council’s Responsible Care® 
Management System standards.  

We use several external guidelines and measurement 
frameworks to inform the scope of our reporting. 
This report has been prepared in accordance with the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
framework for Biotechnology and Pharmaceuticals and 
informed by the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD). View all reporting indices and ESG 
data in the Transparency section.

Updates to Reported Information. 

The information in this 2023 Sustainability Report, 
including the forward -looking statements, are made as 
of the publication date of May 20, 2024, unless otherwise 
indicated, and are expressly qualified in their entirety 
by the risk factors and cautionary statements described 
above and elsewhere in this report. We undertake no 
obligation to update the information or forward-looking 
statements in the report to reflect subsequent events 
or circumstances. More current information on notable 
events about the company’s sustainability efforts may 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencybe included elsewhere in the company’s disclosure, 
including Forms 10-K, 10-Q and any 8-Ks filed with the 
Securities and Exchange Commission, its press releases 
or the Latest Sustainability Developments page of the 
company’s website.   

Other cautionary information. 

Our approach to the disclosures included in this 
report differ in significant ways from those included in 
mandatory regulatory reporting, including under U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) rules and 
regulations. References to, or inclusion of, information in 
this report should not be construed as a characterization 
regarding the materiality of such information to our 
financial results or our operations. While certain matters 
discussed in this report may be referred to as “significant” 
or “material,” any such significance or materiality should 
not be read as necessarily rising to the level of materiality 
used for the purposes of complying with U.S. securities 
laws or under similar laws in other jurisdictions, even if 
we use the word “significant,” “material,” or “materiality” 
in this report. 

This report includes statements regarding various 
policies, values, standards, approaches, procedures, 
processes, systems, programs, initiatives, assessments, 
technologies, practices and similar measures related to 
our operations (“Policies and Procedures”). References 
to Policies and Procedures in this report do not represent 
guarantees or promises about their efficacy or continued 
implementation, or any assurance that such Policies and 
Procedures will apply in every case. Such Policies and 
Procedures are subject to risks, uncertainties and other 
factors, some of which are beyond our control and are 
difficult to predict. There may be exigent circumstances, 
factors, or considerations that may cause implementation 
of other measures or exceptions in specific instances. 

Our ability to achieve any stated environmental, social 
or governance goal, target or objective is subject to 
numerous factors and conditions, many of which are 
outside our control. We can give no assurances that any 
plan, initiative, goal, target, objective, commitment or 
expectation will be achieved. 

This report contains references or links to other websites 
maintained by third parties over whom we have no 
control. We make no endorsement of such websites, 
nor do we make any representations or warranties with 
respect to any information contained in such third-party 
websites. Furthermore, use of any such third-party site 
is at your own risk and will be governed by such third-
party’s terms and conditions.  

131  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Forward-Looking Statements. 

The 2023 Sustainability Report contains forward-
looking statements that are based on management’s 
assumptions, estimates and expectations at the time 
the statements were posted, including statements 
regarding our sustainability targets, goals, commitments 
and programs and other business plans, initiatives, 
aspirations and objectives. These statements are 
typically accompanied by the words “aim,” “hope,” “plan,” 
“estimate,” “project,” “intend,” “expect,” “believe,” 
“target,” “anticipate” and similar expressions. All 
such statements are intended to enjoy the protection 
of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements 
provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform 
Act of 1995, as amended. Actual results may differ 
materially due to various factors. The company’s 
sustainability targets, goals and commitments outlined 
in this report or elsewhere, as well as its operations, 
results, business, goals and strategy may be affected 
by factors including, but not limited to, the significant 
costs and uncertainties in the pharmaceutical research 
and development process, including with respect to the 
timing and process of obtaining regulatory approvals; 
the impact and uncertain outcome of acquisitions and 
business development transactions and related costs; 
intense competition affecting our products, pipeline 
or industry; market uptake of launched products and 
indications; continued pricing pressures and the impact 
of actions of governmental and private payers affecting 
pricing of, reimbursement for, and patient access to 
pharmaceuticals, or reporting obligations related thereto; 
safety or efficacy concerns associated with our products; 
dependence on relatively few products or product classes 
for a significant percentage of our total revenue and an 
increasingly consolidated supply chain; the expiration 
or enforceability of intellectual property protection for 
certain of our products and competition from generic and 
biosimilar products, and risks from the proliferation of 
counterfeit or illegally compounded products; changes in 
patent law or regulations; information technology system 
inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, security 
breaches, or operating failures; competitive developments 
affecting current products and our pipeline; unauthorized 
access, disclosure, misappropriation or compromise of 
confidential information or other data in our information 
technology systems, networks and facilities or those of 
third parties with whom we share our data and violations 
of data protection laws or regulations; the impact of 
global macroeconomic conditions, trade disruptions, 
disputes, unrest, war, regional dependencies or other 
costs, uncertainties and risks related to engaging in 
business globally; unexpected safety or efficacy concerns 
associated with our products; litigation, investigations 
or other similar proceedings involving past, current or 

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyfuture products or commercial activities; issues with 
product supply and regulatory approvals stemming from 
manufacturing difficulties, disruptions or shortages, 
including as a result of unpredictability and variability 
in demand, labor shortages, third-party performance, 
quality, cyber-attacks or regulatory actions related to 
our or our third-party facilities; reliance on third-party 
relationships and outsourcing arrangements; the use 
of artificial intelligence or other emerging technologies 
in various facets of our operations may exacerbate 
competitive, regulatory, litigation, cybersecurity and 
other risks; changes or other developments in laws or 
regulations; regulatory actions related to us, regulatory 
compliance problems or governmental investigations; 
and actual or perceived deviation from environmental-, 
social-, or governance-related requirements 
or expectations.

For additional information about the factors that affect 
the company’s business, please see the company’s latest 
Forms 10-K, 10-Q, and any 8-Ks filed with the Securities 
and Exchange Commission. We urge you to consider all 
of the risks, uncertainties and factors identified above 
or discussed in such reports carefully in evaluating the 
forward-looking statements in this report.

132  |  2023 Sustainability Report

Our StrategyEnvironmentalSocialGovernanceTransparencyEli Lilly and Company

Lilly Corporate Center, Indianapolis, IN 46285 USA  |  317.276.2000  |  Lilly.com

Copyright© 2024 Eli Lilly and Company. All rights reserved.