2 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Visit the Lundbeck website 
www.lundbeck.com 

Photography 
p. 4: Søren Svendsen 
p. 10: Danish Red Cross 
p. 12 left: Jorge Fuentes and Sebastián Arroyo 
p. 12 right: SICS – Società Italiana di 
Comunicazione Scientifica e Sanitaria 

February 2024 

Ongoing commitment to UN Global Compact 
Lundbeck is a participant in The United Nations Global Compact which we 
became a signatory to in September 2009. We would like to express our 
continued support for the Global Compact and hereby renew our ongoing 
commitment to the initiative and its principles. In addition to this report, we 
will disclose our progress using the new digital CoP platform in 2024. 

About Lundbeck 

Lundbeck is a biopharmaceutical company focused 
exclusively on neuroscience, with more than 70 years of 
experience in improving the lives of people with 
neurological and psychiatric diseases. 
As a focused innovator, we strive for our research and 
development programs to tackle some of the most complex 
challenges. We develop transformative medicines targeting 
people for whom there are few, if any, treatment options. 
Our goal is to create long-term value and make a positive 
contribution to people and societies, everywhere we 
operate. We are committed to fighting stigma and 
discrimination, and we act to improve health equity for the 
people we serve and the communities we are part of. 

Lundbeck tries to 
bring awareness to 
brain disorders, 
and as an employee 
who is affected too, 
I can show people 
that you can have a 
successful life – 
being in a 
managing position 
in a corporate 
business. 

Tomasz Urbanek 

People Services Senior Manager, Lundbeck  
POLAND 

Tomasz felt a very high tension in his body when 
he first started showing physical symptoms that 
were worrying him: “It started with my arms and 
hands, but then it went to my face, and you could 
see the muscles being strained.”  

That’s when Tomasz sought a specialist and 
started being treated for obsessive-compulsive 
disorder (OCD). After six months in therapy, he 

was diagnosed with depression. Even though 
Tomasz’s therapy ended a year ago and he was 
feeling better, the symptoms came back, and he 
recently had to start the treatment again. Working 
at Lundbeck, where there is the opportunity to talk 
openly about treatment and brain disorders, has 
made it easier for Tomasz to be open about his 
condition. He encourages others to do the same.  
Read Tomasz’s full story on Lundbeck.com 

   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements      

Contents 

INTRODUCTION 

Letter from the CEO 

Sustainability Key Figures 

Our Sustainability Priorities 

Sustainability Targets 

OTHER REPORTS 

2 
4 
5 
7 

8 

ACCESS TO HEALTH 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

9 

13 

CLIMATE CHANGE & CIRCULARITY  16 

PEOPLE & COMMUNITIES 

22 

SUSTAINABILITY STATEMENTS 

General Disclosures 

Environment 

Social 

Governance 

Sustainability Accounting Policies 

Reporting according to the EU taxonomy 

Management Statement regarding the 2023 

Sustainability Report 

Independent limited assurance report on the 

Sustainability Data 

27 
28 
29 
33 
40 
44 
45 

50 

51 

Danish Statutory Disclosure 

This report constitutes Lundbeck’s compliance with the statutory disclosure on corporate social responsibility, in 

accordance with the Danish Financial Statements Act pursuant to the EU Directive on non-financial reporting. 

Reporting on sections 99a can be found on pages 2-45, 99d on page 40, and 107d on pages 24 and 36-37. 

Reporting on 99b can be found in the Annual Report on pages 35-36. 

Find our Annual Report, Remuneration Report and 
Corporate Governance Report on → 
Lundbeck.com 

 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements      

LETTER FROM THE CEO  

Ensure a sustainable 
long-term future  

In 2023, we have continued to make strides in our sustainability efforts. 
Our most important contribution to sustainable development remains 
providing health to people – with a clear positive impact on local 
communities and society as a whole. 

Contributing to community and society  
At Lundbeck, our most important contribution to 
society is easing the global burden for the 
millions of people living with neurological and 
psychiatric diseases.  

In 2023, we have expanded both our therapeutic 
and patient reach. Each day our treatments 
reached more than 8 million people worldwide, 
which is an all-time high for the company. 

At Lundbeck, we have expanded our therapeutic 
reach within neuroscience, investing in our 
research and development activities.  

We are in the process of strengthening 
Lundbeck’s position as a focused innovator to 
ensure a sustainable long-term future. 

Partnerships for access to health 
At the core of our commitment to sustainability 
are our activities to ensure access to healthcare 
for those who need our treatments. For these 
activities, we have defined long-term aspirations 

to make innovative treatment available through 
R&D, promote equitable accessibility, enhance 
cultural acceptability, and provide safe and 
efficacious medical products.  

In many parts of the world, neurological disease 
comes with a high degree of social burden. To 
advance a more inclusive world, we have in 
2023 stayed committed to our work with a 
number of international and local advocacy 
groups to promote disease awareness, support 
the education of healthcare professionals, 
combat stigma, and empower people living with 
neurological diseases.  

Sadly, the war in Ukraine has contributed to 
many people being left without proper access to 
health. In December 2023, we signed a new 
agreement with the Red Cross to support 
mental health and psychosocial support for up 
to 15,000 children and adults in Ukraine over 
the next two years. Lundbeck has also 
continued to donate our medicine via our NGO 

partner to clinics addressing the needs of 
people affected by war in the Middle East. 

enjoy reading more about these and other 
initiatives in the report. 

Climate and circularity 
The effects of climate change and the threats to 
biodiversity have felt alarmingly clear to us all in 
2023. In Lundbeck, we have implemented 
several new initiatives to reduce our carbon 
footprint, including use of solar energy sources 
at our production sites; and achieved a 
milestone of contractual commitments from at 
least 50 suppliers to use renewable electricity in 
their operations.  

We are in the process of 
strengthening Lundbeck’s 
position as a focused 
innovator to ensure a 
sustainable long-term future. 

Lundbeck continuously optimizes its 
manufacturing processes based on circular 
economy principles to limit materials use, waste, 
and carbon emissions. A two-digit million DKK 
investment in chemical recycling has been 
made in 2023, benefitting both the climate and 
environment.  

People and communities 
In 2023, we have increased the share of women 
in senior management and have introduced new 
processes in recruiting and talent management, 
as well as education and training on diversity, 
equity, and inclusion biases. I hope you will 

A special thank you to our colleague Tomasz 
Urbanek for courageously sharing his story about 
living with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) 
and depression and lending his face to the cover 
of this report.  

Charl van Zyl 
President and CEO 

Charl van Zyl 
CEO and President. 

 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements      

Sustainability Key Figures 

PATIENTS WE SERVE 

BUSINESS ETHICS COMPLIANCE 

CLIMATE ACTION 

99.9% 

Of employees completed the annual e-learning  
on our Code of Conduct 

+8 million 

Our portfolio of products reaches more than 8 million people  
on a daily average* 

▼34% 

▲8% 

Reduction in scope 1 & 2 
carbon emissions vs. 2019 
SBTi target baseline 

Increase in scope 3 carbon 
emissions vs. 2019 SBTi 
target baseline  

CHEMICAL RECYCLING 

WOMEN IN SENIOR MANAGEMENT 

HEALTH & SAFETY 

59%

65%

65%

35.9%

33.8% 31.5%

6.5

5.8

59% 

36% 

2.8 

2.8

2023

2022

2021

2023

2022

2021

2023 2022*** 2021***

Recovery and reuse of the organic compounds used in 
chemical production** 

Gender split for senior managers globally of 36%  
women and 64% men 

 * Estimated patient years, based on 2023 sales data for Lundbeck products, excluding 
partner products  
 ** Targets are set annually based on expected production volume and mix 

Frequency of lost time accidents per one million  
working hours for all employees. Scope has been expanded in 
2023*** 

*** Scope has been expanded to include all employees globally in 2023;  
      2022 and 2021 rates cover production sites only 

 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
     
     
 
     
     
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
  
 
 
   
 
 
 
   
 
6 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements      

O U R   B U S I N E S S   M O D E L  

At Lundbeck, we discover, 
develop and commercialize 
treatments that make a difference 
to people affected by psychiatric 
and neurological disorders. 

We have more than 70 years of experience in 
neuroscience and in improving the lives of 
people with brain disorders. 

We are one of the few biopharmaceutical 
companies in the world working exclusively 
within neuroscience. 

Everywhere we operate, we strive to create  
long-term value and make a positive 
contribution to people and societies. 

We cover the full value chain: 
•  We research to build a strong pipeline consisting of promising 

molecules and antibodies. 

•  We develop our drug candidates into new medicines. 

•  We manufacture our medicines at state-of-the-art production sites 

and continue to supply our drugs to patients in need. 

•  We make our medicines available through healthcare systems in 

more than 100 countries. 

We are around 5,600 highly specialized 
employees across +50 countries. 

We focus our innovation within psychiatry and neurology: 
•  Psychiatry covers psychotic disorders like schizophrenia, mood 
and anxiety disorders like depression, bipolar disorder, and post-
traumatic stress disorder. 

We ensure outcomes to people and societies: 
•  +8 million patients around the world are helped by our medicines 

daily. 

•  We reinvest around 20% of our revenue into R&D to continue our 

•  Neurology covers disorders like migraine, dementia, and 

development of new, innovative drugs. 

movement disorders like Parkinson’s disease, epilepsy, and 
multiple system atrophy (MSA). 

•  Neuroscience is an exciting growing area with large unmet 

medical needs. We see growth and rapidly evolving technologies 
and methodologies. 

•  Throughout our value chain, we incorporate patient insights by 

talking to and learning from those with lived experiences. 

•  We create shareholder value ensuring sustainable and profitable 

growth. 

We work in partnerships to fight stigma and 
address the large unmet medical needs. 

We act to improve health equity for the patients 
we serve and the communities we are part of. 

 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
           
 
 
 
     
7 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements      

Our Sustainability 
Priorities 

This report covers the topics we currently consider to be the  
most material and important to our stakeholders, our business, 
and society. 

Lundbeck’s sustainability strategy aims to 
ensure that we mitigate our most significant 
sustainability risks and adverse impacts related 
to these challenges, as well as act on 
opportunities to make a bigger positive impact. 
We have four main priorities closely linked to 
major societal challenges that relate to our 
business model and strategy. 

Below is an overview of our impacts, risks, and 
opportunities in the four priorities of our 
sustainability strategy. This includes how they 
relate to the UN Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs). 

We are in the process of updating our 
sustainability strategy to align with the 
disclosure and due diligence requirements set 
out in the EU Directives related to corporate 
sustainability conduct and reporting. This means 
we are initiating an extended process for 
assessing our impacts, risks and opportunities, 
and determining double materiality in our 
operations and in the value chain from 2024 
onwards.  

See the Sustainability Statements for detailed 
disclosures regarding these and other material 
matters and how we manage them. 

LUNDBECK’S SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES  

Materiality aspects 

  Access to Health 

  Business Ethics 

  Climate Change & Circularity  

  People & Communities 

What are the main societal 
challenges that Lundbeck 
can impact?  

Inequality and barriers in access 

•  Pressured healthcare systems 
• 
•  Stigmatization of brain disease 
•  Neglected rare diseases 

•  Corruption and unethical marketing 
• 
Increasing demand for transparency 
•  Patient safety and product quality 

•  Transition to zero emissions future 
•  Scaling circular solutions 
•  Environment and biodiversity under 

pressure 

•  Lack of gender equality 
•  Disrespect for human rights 
•  Lack of safe and inclusive working 

conditions 

How does this represent a 
risk to our business? 

If Lundbeck is not part of the solution to 
these challenges, it threatens our license  
to operate. 

If we do not follow applicable rules and 
regulations, we risk losing public trust and 
our license to operate. 

If we do not minimize our impact on the 
environment in the entire value chain, we risk 
restrictions that can disrupt our production 
and supply to the detriment of patients. 

If we cannot retain and develop engaged and 
dedicated scientists and other staff, we will 
not develop new treatments for patients. 

How is it an opportunity for 
our business? 

  When Lundbeck is successful in positively 
impacting these challenges in society, it 
benefits the people we are dedicated to help 
and our business’ financial value creation. 

  When Lundbeck maintains ethical business 
practices and respects rules and regulations, 
we safeguard patient safety, uphold 
stakeholder integrity, and minimize the risk of 
financial repercussions. 

  When Lundbeck is taking a leadership 

position on climate action and continuously 
integrating circular solutions, we are making 
our business highly energy and resource-
efficient, and robust towards future  
transitional changes. 

  When Lundbeck is successful in maintaining 
a safe, inclusive culture, free of harassment 
and discrimination, it helps us remain a 
preferred employer and attract the  
best talent. 

Which SDG is it related to?   

 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements      

Sustainability 
Targets 

Lundbeck has set a number of long-term 2030 
aspirations that are set out in the subsequent 
sections of this report for each of the four 
sustainability strategic priorities. We also set 
annual targets for each of the four strategy 
priorities.  

Below is an overview of how we performed on 
the 2023 targets and the targets we have set  
for 2024. 

This year, eight out of 10 targets have been 
achieved or are on track.  

See the Sustainability Statements section of 
this report for more performance metrics on a 
range of sustainability matters that we use to 
steer and monitor our progress. 

Strategy priorities 

  2024 target 

  2023 target 

  SDG Impact 

ACCESS TO HEALTH 

  Launch global platform to provide access to healthcare professionals with 

independent medical education through Lundbeck Institute activities 

Scoping a global approach to measuring the impact of and access 
to medical education of healthcare professionals we are funding 

Donate treatment for at least 2,000 patients in low- and middle-income 
countries through product donation partnership 

Donate treatment for at least 1,500 patients in low- and middle-
income countries through product donation partnership 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

  Annual Code of Conduct training completed by at least 98% of employees 

at work globally 

Annual Code of Conduct training completed by all employees at 
work globally 

Four out of five employees stating in the annual employee satisfaction 
survey (ESS) that they are confident in raising an ethical or compliance 
concern 

Increase the share of employees stating in the annual employee 
satisfaction survey (ESS) that they are confident in raising an 
ethical or compliance concern 

CLIMATE CHANGE & 
CIRCULARITY 

  Reduce total carbon footprint across own operations, supply, and 

distribution in line with our 15-year Science-Based Target1 

Reduce total carbon footprint across own operations, supply, and 
distribution in line with our 15-year Science-Based Target1 

  Recycle 64% of the organic compounds used in chemical production 

Recycle 64% of the organic compounds used in chemical 
production 

Recycle 75% of general waste 

Recycle 73% of general waste 

PEOPLE & COMMUNITIES  

  Increase in share of underrepresented gender at senior management 

level year on year2 

Increase in share of underrepresented gender at senior 
management level year on year2 

  Reduce lost time accident frequency ≤ 3 

Reduce lost time accident frequency ≤ 4 

Not more than two high consequence work-related accidents with 
absence 

Not more than three high consequence work-related accidents 
with absence 

1)  We report progress annually on our 15-year targets in Scope 1 & 2 (own produced energy and purchased 

energy) and Scope 3 (emissions from supply, services, distribution, and business travel) 

2)  Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents and Vice Presidents 

  Achieved 

  Not achieved 

  On track 

 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
9 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements      

  Access to  
Health 

1)  Data manually taken from Global Burden of Disease Study 2019 (GBD 2019) Data Resources using the GHD x tool by the 

Institute for Health Metrics and Evaluation, University of Washington. 

Lundbeck is one of the only companies in 
the world exclusively dedicated to 
neuroscience. 

We see neurological and psychiatric 
health as being fundamental to good 
health across the life course, and we 
continue to proactively address the unmet 
needs in this area. 

50% 

It is estimated that neurology and psychiatry disorders directly 
affect about half the world’s population.1 

2030 ASPIRATION 

• Leverage our specialist knowledge to address the burden 
of neurological diseases and make efficacious medicine 
available  

• Promote accessibility of our medicines by addressing 

discriminatory, physical, economical, and informational 
barriers  

• Improve mental health parity, reduce stigma, support 

national suicide prevention efforts, and enhance cultural 
acceptability of neuropsychiatric diseases  

• Provide high-quality medicinal products, safeguard patient 

safety, and combat counterfeit medicine 

 
 
  
    
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
10 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Access to Health 

COMMITTED TO NEUROSCIENCE 
A key and growing priority for Lundbeck is how 
we, and the industry, support good health and 
wellbeing for all. We see neurological and 
psychiatric health as a holistic concept that does 
not simply include the absence of disease but 

allows people impacted by neurological and 
psychiatric conditions to thrive.  

It is estimated that about half of the world’s 
population is directly affected by at least one 
neurological or psychiatric disorder. However, 
these disorders, which include mood and 

MENTAL HEALTH AND PSYCHOSOCIAL SUPPORT IN UKRAINE 

In December 2023, Lundbeck made a commitment to contribute DKK 5 million to Danish 
Red Cross-supported mental health and psychosocial support (MHPSS) activities in 
Ukraine over the next two years. This funding will allow the Ukrainian Red Cross to scale 
up the provision of vital psychosocial support to vulnerable children and adults affected 
by the war in communities across Ukraine, including psychological first aid, Child-
Friendly spaces and training for Red Cross volunteers and staff.  

anxiety disorders along with pain or movement 
conditions, continue to be systematically under-
prioritized and stigmatized. With a strong 
heritage in developing innovative treatments for 
people impacted by neurological and psychiatric 
conditions, we understand that there are many 
obstacles that can prevent an individual from 
achieving health. Whether it is genetics, age, 
sex, ethnicity, or socio-economic determinants 
of access to healthcare, understanding and fully 
evaluating these are key to improving outcomes 
in health.  

Since adopting our Access to Health strategy 
in 2020, Lundbeck has taken a number of 
proactive steps in supporting policy change, 
awareness, advocacy, education, and product 
donations towards the achievement of our 2030 
aspirations. 

SUPPORTING POLICY CHANGE 
We have been proactively working on 
supporting policy change at global and national 
levels to improve neurological and psychiatric 
health for all.  

In May 2022, the World Health Assembly 
adopted the Intersectoral Global Action Plan on 
epilepsy and other neurological disorders, and 
shortly afterwards, the World Health  

+8 million 
people 
worldwide 

THE PATIENTS WE SERVE 

We estimate that more than 8 million 
people are reached on a daily average 
with the products Lundbeck produced in 
20232 

1)  ’Optimizing brain health across the life course’: WHO position paper, August 2022 
2)  Estimated patient years based on 2023 sales data for Lundbeck products, excluding partner products 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
11 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Organization published their position paper on 
brain health1. Lundbeck supported these two 
important achievements that formalize the 
prioritization of neurology and psychiatry in 
global health policy. We will continue to work 
with our advocacy and international partners to 
support policy change for better neurological 
and psychiatric health. 

AWARENESS AND ADVOCACY 

We continue to work with different partners to 
educate and raise awareness about 
neurological and psychiatric health and its 
importance. Every year, we partner with global 
and local patient advocacy groups to support 
their impactful awareness campaigns. See two 
local examples on page 12 of this report.  

Patient advocacy partnerships are a key priority 
for us. In the latest PatientView report from 
2022 that evaluates the corporate reputation of 
pharma companies globally, Lundbeck was 
ranked #5 among patient groups we work with 
(#10 in 2021) and #16 among patient groups 
familiar with the company (#19 in 2021). This is 
a significant trend upwards, compared to our 
overall performance in the past five years.  

EDUCATION IN NEUROSCIENCE 
As a scientific leader in neuroscience, Lundbeck 
has a long history of providing evidence-based 
neurology and psychiatry educational materials 
and training for healthcare professionals. 

In the coming years, Lundbeck will be 
evaluating a global digital ecosystem enabling 
access to learning programs and measuring 
their global impact. This approach can provide 
adaptive and personalized learning 
opportunities for healthcare professionals based 
on their individual learning needs. Providing 
medical education through digital formats will 
enable wider access to learning. We will seek 
partnerships in the creation of and access to 
medical education, in order to ensure the 
highest standards. We believe that supporting 
healthcare professionals’ learning needs will 
ultimately lead to improved patient outcomes 
and building sustainable healthcare resilience.  

UNITED AGAINST STIGMA 
Stigma continues to be a significant barrier to 
neurological and psychiatric health. It affects the 
understanding and perception of neurological 
and psychiatric conditions, which has negative 

Status on sustainability targets 

2023 TARGET 

STATUS  COMMENT 

SDG 

Scoping a global approach to measure the access to 
and impact of medical education of healthcare 
professionals we are funding 

Achieved 

Agreement on Key Impact 
Metrics and measures available 
for 25 countries on unbranded 
Medical Education reach. 

Donate treatment for at least 1,500 patients in low- and 
middle-income countries through product donation 
partnership 

Achieved 

Donation via IHP for treatment of 
an estimated 3,325 patients in 
the Middle East. 

consequences on access to care and treatment, 
and on how neurological and psychiatric health 
is prioritized. 

We continue to proactively participate in 
campaigns that support the education and 
awareness of neurological and psychiatric 
health, such as Brain Awareness Week, World 
Mental Health Day, and other awareness 
opportunities.  

World Mental Health Day is celebrated on 10th 
October, and every year Lundbeck organizes a 
global campaign on this day where we show our 
support to help fight stigma and make a 
difference. In 2023, the theme was “United 
Against Stigma” and we ran the campaign 
“Words Have Power”, focusing on stigmatizing 
language and encouraging open conversations 
about mental health disorders. 

As such, the campaign focused on the words we 
use when discussing mental disorders. The way 
we talk about mental disorders can have a 
significant impact on those who are affected. 
We can collectively break down the barriers of 
stigma and work towards a world where mental 
health is openly discussed and understood. 

On this day, we encouraged all of our 
employees to help spread the word and 
participate in one of the many World Mental 
Health Day activities conducted by our affiliates 
together with our local partners. 

EMPOWERING THE PATIENT 
COMMUNITY 
Lundbeck believes a strong, diverse, and 
empowered patient advocacy community is key 
in achieving neurological and psychiatric health 

for all. As such, we make sure our advocacy 
partnerships support capacity building and 
empower neurological and psychiatric health 
advocates and patients alike. We continuously 
want to learn from people with lived experience, 
their families, and the healthcare community. 

Every year, we host a global advocacy event – 
the #1VoiceSummit. It brings together the global 
and local patient communities to share best 
practices, exchange ideas, collaborate, and 
partner up to find ways to amplify the voice of 
people with lived experience of neurological 
disorders. Our latest edition of the 
#1VoiceSummit was held in June 2023, and we 
were thrilled to be able to host the meeting in 
person again. We welcomed over 60 
participants representing 38 different patient 
advocacy groups in neurological and psychiatric 
health from 15 different countries.  

PRODUCT DONATION PARTNERSHIP  
Through our partnership with International 
Health Partners (IHP), we can provide access to 
underserved communities and offer much-
needed support to people impacted by 
neurological and psychiatric conditions.  

In 2023, Lundbeck donated medication 
estimated to be able to help 3,325 people 
through charitable clinics in the Middle East. 
Medication provided by Lundbeck and 
manufactured to be donated has enabled IHP to 
offer a targeted program in the region through 
its network of in-country partner charitable 
clinics. They aid the medical needs of some of 
the region’s most vulnerable communities who 
would otherwise have no access to treatment. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
12 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

EXAMPLES OF HOW WE HELP SPREAD AWARENESS IN THE COUNTRIES WHERE WE OPERATE 

TALKING ABOUT MENTAL HEALTH IN MEXICO 

Lundbeck Mexico launched “Hablamos” (Let’s talk), a special project that works together with 
patient associations that specialize in accompanying people who live with a mental condition in 
their rehabilitation and recovery processes. In Mexico, around 25% of the population presents 
some mental health problems, while only around 2% of the health budget is allocated to mental 
health. 

In 2023, Hablamos collected real testimonials from people who live in cities like Mexico City, 
Monterrey, and Guadalajara.  

Lundbeck believes that it is vital to collect these testimonials to increase exposure to and remove 
stigma from mental health problems, to help increase employees’ empathy towards challenges 
faced by patients, and to increase the quality of our solutions to positively impact the lives of 
these patients, their families and the society which we all live in. 

FIGHTING MENTAL HEALTH STIGMA THROUGH ART IN ITALY 

To increase social engagement on the topic of mental health, Lundbeck Italy 
organized the fourth “People in Mind Contest”, a graphic arts contest to raise 
awareness about mental illness and to fight against stigma through painting, 
drawing, photography, videography, and social commitment.  

299 works of art were collected from all over Italy, of which 90 were sent in by 
artists representing associations or centers, and 74 works of art were collected 
from high school students. The finalists of the competition became advocates 
for mental health through traveling exhibitions and other social activities. On 10th 
October, the awards ceremony was held, announcing 13 winners of the fourth 
edition of the People in Mind Contest. Furthermore, during the ceremony, 
debates were held together with patient associations, expert clinicians, and 
institutional representatives about mental health.  

Some of the artwork was subsequently used in partnerships with hospitals to 
decorate their facilities, offering both patients and caregivers a respectable 
place decorated by art. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
13 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Business  
Ethics 

At Lundbeck, we pursue our business 
purpose guided by the ethical principles  
in our Code of Conduct as a fundamental 
element of our sustainability strategy.  

Business ethics is crucial to us as a  
global pharmaceutical company. It is  
how we safeguard patient safety, uphold 
stakeholder integrity, and maintain  
our license to operate. 

18 

  18 Regional Compliance Officers are present in our global 

commercial organization, alongside the dedicated employees in 
the Global Compliance function who are committed to providing 
business ethics guidance to their colleagues. 

2030 ASPIRATION 

• Promote business ethics, including human and labor rights, 

through strengthened collaboration with key business 
partners  

• Demonstrate that the Code of Conduct compliance program 

and organization work, i.e. that they sustain an ethical 
culture and prevent any form of corruption  

• Protect the integrity of the healthcare professionals we work 

with and use transparency as an asset 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
14 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Business Ethics 

STRONG COMPLIANCE PROGRAM 
We are a research-based biopharmaceutical 
company, and our products help more than 8 
million people daily. Because of the sensitive 
nature of our business, society’s expectations 
are high and constantly evolving.  

MAKING ETHICS EVERYBODY’S 
BUSINESS 
We invest heavily every year in developing 
training and awareness activities that can 
transform Code of Conduct principles into 
ethical actions. 

Lundbeck’s Code of Conduct conveys our 
ethical commitments and the expectations we 
have towards our employees and external 
partners. 

During 2023, we reinforced the Compliance 
Program, which is designed to ensure that we 
uphold our Code of Conduct. The focus was on 
the consistent implementation of our 
Compliance Program across Lundbeck’s global 
operations. A global network of Compliance 
Professionals is collaborating closely on finding 
the most efficient and sustainable techniques, 
tools, and solutions to incorporate Compliance 
Program elements into daily operations. The 
project also provides us with an opportunity to 
revisit, strengthen, and further digitalize some of 
the elements of the Compliance Program, in line 
with better industry practices and in light of the 
changing regulatory environment, including the 
applicable European Union directives.  

The annual compliance training aims to 
empower our employees to make informed and 
responsible decisions. Also, this year it 
reiterated that Lundbeck as a company is built 
on our great people and culture. Videos and 
testimonials from our CEO and our colleagues 
reminded us that our culture of ethics is firmly 
grounded in Lundbeck’s five beliefs: being 
patient-driven, courageous, ambitious, 
passionate, and responsible.   

The business ethics compliance training is 
supplemented by our internal audits and 
monitoring activities that aim to validate the 
understanding of the requirements, identify 
risks, and capture suggestions for 
improvements of processes and controls. 
Specific feedback is provided to ensure local 
management ownership and follow-up.  

Our Compliance Hotline is a secure line that is 
open for everyone to raise concerns about 
potential violation of the Code of Conduct. It is a 
cornerstone in our Compliance Program that 
helps ensure Lundbeck’s integrity and reliability, 
protecting Lundbeck against misconduct while 
also protecting the identity of reporters.  

In the course of 2023, 105 compliance hotline 
reports were reported. This includes all 
concerns reported through the Compliance 
Hotline, or other escalation routes, regardless of 
whether investigations were able to be 
substantiated. Reports are all counted, even if 
they relate to the same specific case. 

All reports are investigated in line with our global 
procedure that safeguards individuals who 
report concerns or otherwise participate in 
investigations.  

In 2023, our internal compliance function also 
conducted 227 due diligence screenings of third 
parties and suppliers to identify and mitigate 
specific risks in relation to those suppliers and 
third parties.  

99.9% 

BUSINESS ETHICS 
COMPLIANCE 

99.9% of employees completed  
the annual e-learning on our  
Code of Conduct. 

We encourage everyone to have ongoing 
dialogue on compliance and ethics with their 
colleagues and manager. However, we realize 
that some questions, dilemmas, or concerns 
might not be discussed openly.  

TARGETS FOR PERFORMANCE 
We have set a target that the annual Code of 
Conduct training must be completed by all 
employees at work globally every year. We 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
15 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

consider this target achieved in 2023 with a 
global completion rate of 99.9%. 

Our second target for the year was to increase 
the share of employees stating in the annual 
Employee Satisfaction Survey (Our Voice) that 
“they are confident in raising an ethical or 
compliance concern”. The 2023 share is on par 
(8.6 out of 10) with the results from the 2022 
survey, and as such no increase has been 
achieved.  

TRANSPARENT INTERACTIONS WITH 
HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONALS  
We take pride in being committed to 
transparency by following our global procedures 
that respect applicable laws and self-regulation 
from the industry associations we have joined. 
One of those is the European Federation of 
Pharmaceutical Industries Associations 
(EFPIA).  

Under the EFPIA Code, we disclose the 
transfers of value we make to individual 
healthcare professionals, healthcare 
organizations, and patient organizations on a 

yearly basis. In 2023, Lundbeck made 
reasonable effort to obtain consent from the 
Healthcare Professionals (HCPs) and 
Healthcare Organizations in countries subject to 
disclosure requirements to publicly disclose 
payments and other transfers of value. For 2022 
data (disclosed in 2023), Lundbeck’s average 
positive consent rate from HCPs was 9.3% 
higher than the average for other EFPIA 
member companies.  

DATA PRIVACY 
Lundbeck is committed to safeguarding the data 
privacy rights of patients, research and business 
partners, and our employees.  

We have dedicated data privacy resources 
working across the globe to ensure that we 
comply with local data privacy requirements. 

In November this year, Data Protection 
Managers from headquarters and EU/EEA 
affiliates gathered in Copenhagen for a full-day 
of GDPR workshops, engagement, and 
knowledge-sharing, keeping up with the latest 
developments within data privacy. 

Status on sustainability targets 

2023 TARGET 

STATUS  COMMENT 

SDG 

Annual Code of Conduct training completed by all 
employees at work globally 

Achieved 

Annual training launched 1st 
November. Achieved 99.9%.  

Increase the share of employees stating in the 
Employee Satisfaction Survey (ESS) that they are 
confident in raising an ethical or compliance concern 

Not achieved 

Share of employees stating in the 
2023 Our Voice survey that they 
are confident in raising an ethical 
or compliance concern is on par 
(8.6 out of 10) with the results 
from the 2022 survey.  

SAFE AND EFFICACIOUS PRODUCTS 
Patients’ health is always our main concern. A 
concern of the patients is to have access to 
efficacious medical products of high quality. The 
lack of available, safe medicine can also be a 
barrier for health.  

Patient and product safety is paramount to 
Lundbeck. We take stringent measures to 
secure our supply chain and ensure that 
genuine Lundbeck medicines reach patients 
every time. As an example, in 2023, we 
conducted 133 patient and product safety audits 

through collaboration with partners and 
internally. 

See the Sustainability Statements section of 
this report for Business Ethics key 
performance indicators. 

xx 

1)  Any member of the medical, dental, pharmacy, or nursing professions or any other person, who in the course of his or her professional 
activities may recommend, prescribe, purchase, supply, administer, or otherwise influence the purchase or prescription of a medicinal 
product. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
16 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Climate 
Change & 
Circularity 

Lundbeck has for many years 
demonstrated our commitment to circular 
economy principles and cutting emissions. 
In 2023, Lundbeck has continued with our 
pledge to achieve zero emissions and to 
introduce circularity concepts into our 
production processes in line with our 
transition plan.  

61 

In 2023, 61 of Lundbeck’s suppliers signed new contractual 
commitments to use renewable electricity in their operations. 

2030 ASPIRATION 

• Deliver on the “Business Ambition for 1.5°C” pledge 
• Transition electricity supply to renewable sources 
• Manage two-thirds of value chain carbon emissions equally as 

effectively as carbon emissions from operations 

• Minimize key business partners’ carbon emissions reflected in 

relevant agreements 

2030 ASPIRATION 

• Establish manufacturing processes based on circular economy 
principles to limit materials use, waste, and carbon emissions  

• Expand application of circular economy principles to key partners  
• Use detailed knowledge about active pharmaceutical ingredients 

to minimize environmental impact 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
17 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Climate Change 
& Circularity 

CLIMATE EFFORTS ROOTED IN OUR 
TRANSITION PLAN 
In 2019, Lundbeck became a signatory of the 
"Business Ambition for 1.5°C" commitment to 
continue and strengthen its journey towards 
aligning the company's strategy with a green 
transition under the framework and objectives 
established by the Paris Agreement. 

Subsequently, in 2022, we developed and 
launched our Transition Plan as our unwavering 
commitment to combat climate change and 
achieve net zero emissions. This plan was 
designed to ensure alignment with the latest 
scientific guidance and to address the reduction 
of carbon emissions across the entire value 
chain. 

Throughout 2023, several planned activities, as 
described in the following sections, have been 
carried out that bring us closer to meeting the 
short and medium-term objectives of our 
Transition Plan. 

EXTENDING OUR REDUCTION 
COMMITMENT TO OUR VALUE CHAIN  
The primary climate-related impact we have 
beyond our immediate boundaries arises from 
acquiring various goods and services, including 
clinical trial services, marketing, raw materials, 

packaging, distribution, and business travel 
(scope 3 emissions).  

Thus, one of the key objectives outlined in our 
Transition Plan involves the reduction of our 
scope 3 emissions by ensuring the use of 100% 
renewable electricity in the company's 300 main 
suppliers by 2030. To address this, we 
recognize the importance of collaborating with 
our suppliers. Through contractual 
commitments, we encourage the use of 
renewable electricity in their operations. It is a 
challenging journey as the climate action 
maturity of our suppliers considerably differs, 
but we aim at having commitments from 50 
additional suppliers every year. During 2023, a 
total of 61 contractual commitments were 
signed. The commitment of suppliers to use 
renewable electricity serves as an effective tool 
for extending Lundbeck’s own commitment to 
reduce emissions. Further, the exercise of 
annually monitoring the share of emissions used 
by signatory suppliers will function as an 
effective way to more accurately calculate our 
carbon footprint beyond our own operations. 

We also prioritize emission reductions within our 
collaborations with contract research 
organizations (CROs) on a global scale. This 
involves integrating climate considerations from 
the design phase of clinical trials and exploring 

ways to minimize emissions from the setup and 
execution of trials. Strategies include 
decentralized trial conduct, remote monitoring, 
travel policies, waste reduction, and the 
optimization of logistic activities. 

We have seen the business grow in 2023 and 
therefore also our spend with suppliers. That 
means that our emissions from purchased 
goods and services is higher than in 2022, even 
though the carbon intensity of our spend has 
gone down. 

We have also put substantial efforts towards 
enhancing the quality and accuracy of data on 
scope 3 emissions, with the dual aim of further 
understanding our impact and to better track our 
improvements. Our baseline year emissions 
have been adjusted this year as a consequence. 
Currently, around 60% of our data is estimated 
based on emission factors per spend or volume. 
In the upcoming years, we intend to transition to 
actual emissions reported by suppliers, which 
will enable us to measure and monitor our 
progress in reducing emissions across our 
supply chain. 

SCOPE 1, SCOPE 2 AND SCOPE 3 GHG EMISSIONS, 2023 
(TONNES CO2e) 

COMPOSITION OF SCOPE 3 GHG EMISSIONS (SBTI TARGET 
BOUNDARY), 2023 

21,357

11%

3,934

6%

119,336

Scope 1 GHGs

Scope 2 GHGs (market based)

Scope 3 (SBTI target boundary)

83%

Scope 3 GHGs: Purchased goods and services

Scope 3 GHGs: Up-stream transportation and distribution

Scope 3 GHGs: Business travel

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
18 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Another milestone in 2023 was a new travel 
policy to positively impact our travel-related 
CO2e emissions targets, alongside managing 
rising airline costs and harmonizing our global 
traveler practices.  

Likewise, all our affiliates’ local travel policies 
and guidelines have been updated with our 
commitments towards sustainable travel, 
promoting eco-friendly transportation and 
utilizing digital alternatives when feasible. 

It remains too early to observe an effect of the 
new travel policy. In 2023, we observed an 
increase in emissions from business travel of 
12,636 tonnes CO2e compared to 9,636 tonnes 
in 2022. We attribute this to travel habits in 2022 
still having been affected by the COVID-19 
pandemic, whereas in 2023 there was an uptick 
in travel as conditions returned to normal. 
Despite this increase in emissions from 2022 to 
2023, emissions remain 35% below the baseline 
in 2019.  

In conclusion, total scope 3 emissions are up 
compared to 2022 and 8% higher than our 
target baseline year 2019 according to our 
current best estimation method. This is due to 
our growing business and consequent increased 
spend on goods, services, and business travel. 

OWN REDUCTION AHEAD OF THE CURVE 
Site power and heat together with our company 
cars make up our scope 1 & 2 emissions. Since 
2006, we have cut more than 80% of the 
emissions from our sites. According to our 
Transition Plan, we plan to convert all remaining 
energy consumption to renewable sources in 
order to reach the near-term target of 65% 

ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ELECTRICITY GAINS 

STRIVING FOR ENERGY EFFICIENCY IN FRANCE 

Reducing scope 1 emissions – emissions from sources that 
Lundbeck owns and directly controls – is a key goal in 
Lundbeck’s climate strategy. One noteworthy initiative that 
has been implemented to reduce Lundbeck’s energy use is 
the installation of a new compressed air system at our 
Valbonne site in France.  

Implemented in 2022, this project serves multiple purposes 
including addressing the need for increased compressed air 
capacity due to the implementation of four new packaging 
lines within three years, ensuring redundancy in case of 
breakdowns and achieving energy savings through reduced 
reliance on gas. Furthermore, the heat generated by the new 
compressed air producer is utilized to heat the site's sanitary 
water. 

Fully effective from 2023, “the project yielded immediate 
results, boasting an 18% capacity increase and energy 
savings of 696 MWh, translating to EUR 43,000 annually, 
and an impressive reduction of 127 tonnes of CO2e 
emissions each year out of the site's total annual CO2e 
emissions of 1196 tonnes,” says Sebastien Larcher, Director 
of Technical Services & Engineering. 

RENEWABLE SOURCES IN ITALY 

Our Transition Plan aims to exclusively utilize 100% 
electricity sourced (scope 2 emissions) from renewable 
energy in all EU sites by 2025. The objective extends to our 
US sites by 2030. We intend to achieve this goal by 
employing on-site electricity generation and engaging in 
either physical or virtual Power Purchase Agreements 
(PPA/VPPA) in the EU, alongside the procurement of 
Renewable Energy Attribute Certificates aligned with the 
RE100 technical guidance for our US and global affiliates. 
As of January 2022, our Danish facilities have already 
successfully switched to renewable electricity.  

A significant 2023 project was the installation of solar panels 
at the Padova site in Italy. After an internal evaluation, the 
Technical Office identified several rooftops where solar 
panels could be installed without increasing the operational 
risks to the area. In total, there are 1,089 panels situated 
around the site. 

“With the assistance of our partner, Engie, we have 
successfully completed the installation of our solar panels 
and anticipate an annual energy production of approximately 
500 MWh. This accounts for roughly 10% of our total 
electricity consumption, equal to saving 140 tonnes of CO2e 
emissions annually,” says Andrea D'Ascoli, Project Engineer 
at Lundbeck. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
19 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

reduction in 2034 compared  
to 2019.  

reduction target of 65%. We will in the coming 
years continue our efforts in converting to 
renewable electricity globally. 

technological advances and regulation in 
this area.  

All consumed electricity at Lundbeck's Danish 
sites is renewable since 2022 with a power 
purchasing agreement. This is the main reason 
why our scope 1 & 2 emissions are down by 
34% compared to our baseline year in 2019, 
putting us ahead of the curve for our 2034 

Our scope 1 emissions also decreased from 
2022 to 2023 due to reductions in emissions 
from our fleet of company cars. New company 
car policies will be implemented at regular 
intervals to account for the fast pace of 

Our scope 1 emissions decreased from 2022 to 
2023 due to reductions in emissions from our 
fleet of company cars. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
20 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

59%

65%

65%

2023

2022

2021

Chemical recycling 

59% 

RECYCLING OF CHEMICALS 
IN PRODUCTION 

In the first half of 2023, our organic 
compounds recovery ratio was 
challenged by the utilization of 
production equipment at the 
Lumsås site for the test production 
of a new compound. We are 
confident that the recycling rate will 
improve in the years ahead with 
the establishment of a new Solvent 
Recovery Unit at our Lumsås site. 

CIRCULARITY IN RESOURCE FLOWS 

Year after year, Lundbeck strives to improve 
production skills and technical capabilities, 
resulting in an enhanced ability to recycle 
organic compounds and minimize the 
generation of hazardous waste. 

NON-HAZARDOUS WASTE REDUCTION 
AND RECYCLING INITIATIVES  
Lundbeck consistently implements recycling 
initiatives for materials such as plastic, paper, 
cardboard, and glass. This trend continued 
throughout 2023. 

Each year, we set targets to improve the 
recovery and recycling of chemicals used in our 
production. In the first half of 2023, our organic 
compounds recovery ratio was lower than 
expected because the production equipment at 
the Lumsås site was used for test production of 
a new compound. In the second half of 2023, 
the production returned to scheduled production 
and the recovery ratio was near 70%, resulting 
in a full year recovery ratio of 59%. We did not 
meet the full year target of 64%.  

For plastic, a project in Lumsås explored the 
feasibility of recycling plastic drums. The project 
estimated that out of 8.5 tonnes of plastic 
drums/year, about 3 tonnes (36%) could be 
recycled into plastic granules, and about 2 
tonnes (24%) could be reused directly. The 
remaining 40% would still have to be 
incinerated, as they would contain chemical 
residues. This would save 10 tonnes of CO2e 
and 1,300m3 of water compared to producing 
new plastic.  

As part of our ongoing efforts to enhance the 
recovery of organic compounds, we have 
introduced a new initiative aimed at transforming 
the recovery process for three additional 
solvents utilized in our production. In 2023, 
approval was granted for the establishment of a 
new Solvent Recovery Unit at our Lumsås site. 
This unit is expected to facilitate the recovery of 
over 600m3 of solvent annually and will be 
installed during 2024 and 2025. 

In addition, in 2023 we utilized more than 525m3 
of non-reusable solvents as support fuel for our 
emission reduction system – chemical waste 
that otherwise would have been transported off-
site for incineration. This has resulted in a 
reduction of liquefied petroleum gas (LPG) 
consumption of 260 tonnes. 

At our Valby site also in Denmark, small plastic 
containers, which are used for tablets, have 
begun to be sorted for recycling in 2023, with an 
expected collection of between 1.8 to 2 tonnes 
per year.  

For paper, an observation from the waste 
recipient at Valbonne, France revealed that up 
to a third of the waste sent for incineration 
contained cardboard. Internal waste sorting 
rules were revised, leading to less frequent 
emptying of the residual compactor and more 
frequent emptying of the cardboard compactor. 
This adjustment aims to increase cardboard 
recycling. 

Also for paper, the Finished Goods Production 
department in Valby started sorting base paper 
from labels and finished goods storage for 
recycling, with an anticipated outcome of 
approximately 1 ton per quarter being recycled.  

Another significant improvement related to the 
packaging of our products is that a EUR 35,000 
investment was approved for a new compactor 
to segregate carton boxes and leaflets from 
residual waste in Valbonne. This initiative is 
projected to elevate the recycling rate in 2024, 
with an estimated increase of 25 tonnes in 
cartons and leaflets for recycling.  

For glass recycling, the implementation of a new 
process in collaboration with a waste provider in 
Lumsås allowed for the separate disposal of 
laboratory glass, resulting in a 33% increase in 
glass recycling.  

Lastly, in Valby the expansion of household-like 
waste sorting, encompassing food waste, 
beverage cartons, and plastic in local kitchens 
and canteens has led to a 147% surge in food 
waste recycling, amounting to 57 tonnes more 
than in 2022.  

Compared to last year, the above-mentioned 
initiatives have increased Lundbeck’s general 
waste recycling rate from 66% to 75%. It has 
also meant that the amount of general waste 
sent for incineration has been reduced by 23%, 
despite an 8% increase in the amount of general 
waste. 

WATER MANAGEMENT 
We aim to continuously reduce our water 
consumption and have done so over many 
years with technological improvements and 
various optimization activities at our production 
sites. In 2023, three out of Lundbeck’s four 
production sites experienced a reduction in 
water consumption. Notably, water consumption 
decreased by 21% at our Valbonne site owing to 
decreases in steam network pressure, boiler 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
21 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

pollution. Lundbeck has also continuously 
engaged with neighbors and the municipality to 
address concerns in the local community. 

See the Sustainability Statements section of 
this report for Climate and Energy, Circularity 
and Environmental management, and key 
performance indicators. 

efficiency improvement, and sterile workshop 
shutdown. However, consumption in Padova 
increased by 20% since 2022 due to the 
installation of a purified water plant, a new 
production building, and a new evaporation 
tower. This increased water consumption is the 
primary reason for total water consumption 
increasing by 5%.  

Total wastewater increased by 15% compared 
to 2022 mainly due to a change in measurement 
where all potable water at Valbonne is now 
included in wastewater, as well as the increased 
water consumption in Padova. 

DEVELOPMENTS IN BIODIVERSTIY: NEW 
INSIGHTS AND LOCAL INITIATIVES 
In Q2 and Q3 of 2023, we undertook a 
comprehensive review of our understanding of 
Lundbeck's impact on biodiversity.  

The primary goal of this exercise was twofold: 
first, to augment the understanding of the 
company’s environmental footprint; and second, 
to evaluate and update when needed the tools 
and methodologies that were being used for the 
measurement and management of 
environmental impacts. 

The preliminary outcomes of the biodiversity 
impact analysis have prompted further research, 
reviews, and subsequent updates of Lundbeck’s 
biodiversity position and action plan in the 
coming years. 

In 2023, two local initiatives have been taken to 
improve the biodiversity at our own sites in 
Denmark. A recent insect counting activity took 
place at our site in Valby during the summer, 
aiming to assess the impact of the wildflower 

beds established in 2021. The results were 
unequivocal - 119 species were identified in the 
wild areas, as opposed to seven species in a 
reference area of mown lawn. This observation 
underscores the significant positive effect of 
even modest local action on urban biodiversity. 

SOIL POLLUTION 

Traces of PFAS (per- and polyfluoroalkyl 
substances) were found at Lundbeck’s Lumsås 
production facility in 2022. The pollution stems 
from the use of fire-retardant foam containing 
the PFAS type PFOS (perfluorooctane 
sulfonate) until 2011, in compliance with 
national fire safety and environmental regulation 
at the time.  

PFAS pollution is an issue of international 
concern, which goes beyond Lundbeck and its 

Lumsås site. PFAS are a class of thousands of 
compounds that are used throughout society of 
which one of the most abundant is PFOS. Until 
2011, PFOS was a common ingredient in fire-
retardant foam in fire extinguishing systems 
across Europe and was also used in many other 
parts of the world. These fire extinguishing 
systems were used as part of prevention 
protocols at production sites and by fire 
departments across Europe. Lundbeck switched 
to a supply of PFOS-free fire-retardant foam 
more than 11 years ago, when the EU decided 
to phase out PFAS under the Persistent Organic 
Pollutants (POPs) Regulation. 

Since the pollution was detected, Lundbeck has 
been engaged in a close dialogue with the 
Danish Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) 
regarding the mapping and remediation of the 

Status on sustainability targets 

2023 TARGETS 

STATUS  COMMENT 

SDG 

Progress against near-term 15-year target to reduce 
scope 1 and 2 CO2e emissions by 65% in 2034 
compared to 2019 

On track 

Reduction of 34% compared  
to the baseline.  

Progress against near-term 15-year target to reduce 
scope 3 CO2e emissions by 40% in 2034 compared to 
2019 

On track 

Increase in estimated emissions 
of 8% compared to the baseline. 
With the actions progressing as 
planned in our low carbon 
transition plan we are confident 
that we are on track to meet our 
2034 target. 

Recycle 64% of the organic compounds used in 
chemical production 

Not achieved  We have recovered and recycled 
59% of organic compounds used 
in chemical production.  

Recycle at least 73% of all general waste 

Achieved 

We have recycled 75%  
of general waste. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
22 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

People & 
Communities 

Everywhere we operate, we strive to make 
a positive contribution to the people & 
communities we touch. This means 
safeguarding and developing our 
employees, taking action on gender 
equality and unconscious bias, and 
contributing to the communities where we 
do business.  

5,600    Our approximate 5,600 employees are our most important and 

critical resource. 

2030 ASPIRATION 

• Be recognized by employees and externally as a workplace 

with an inclusive culture that offers equal opportunities for all  
• Influence the public debate on equality and inclusion by setting 

ambitious targets, enhancing data transparency, and 
communicating actively  

• Request key business partners to promote diversity and 

prevent discrimination in all its forms 

2030 ASPIRATION 

• Be recognized as a workplace that fosters physical and mental 

wellbeing  

• Show leadership to promote mental health with preventive 

actions at our workplaces globally  

• Achieve a lost time accident frequency below 3 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
23 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

People &  
Communities 

FOSTERING AN INCLUSIVE WORKPLACE 
At Lundbeck, we are committed to building an 
even more inclusive organization where people 
can thrive, be their authentic self, and perform at 
their best. We firmly believe that by fostering an 
inclusive work environment that integrates and 
empowers people of different backgrounds, 
skills, and perspectives, we ignite innovation 
and catalyze even better performance across 
the company.  

We believe that if we build an inclusive 
organization, diversity will follow. Diversity is an 

asset for both business and employees in its 
capacity to foster innovation, creativity, and 
empathy in ways that homogeneous 
environments seldom do.  

UPDATED DE&I STRATEGY 
In 2023, we reviewed and updated our Diversity, 
Equity, and Inclusion (DE&I) strategy to 
emphasize that we firmly believe that DE&I are 
key cornerstones to being a successful 
company and helping us deliver on helping 
people impacted by neurological and psychiatric 
conditions.  

By launching an updated DE&I strategy, with the 
overarching ambition of being as diverse as the 
people we serve within all levels and areas of 
Lundbeck, we secure a continued focus on 
fostering an inclusive culture of belonging.  

The updated strategy builds on the success of 
the DE&I initiatives that have already been 
implemented, while emphasizing the importance 
of anchoring DE&I in our people and business 
processes in Lundbeck.  

Furthermore, the strategy has a strong focus on 
continuing to educate leaders and employees 
and create awareness around DE&I-related 
topics to ensure that we continuously develop 
our understanding of DE&I as an organization. 

INTEGRATING BIAS BLOCKERS IN 
PEOPLE PROCESSES 
We have embedded DE&I in our recruitment 
process covering all employees in headquarters 
and in our Global Business Service Center in 
Kraków, Poland through education and tools to 
minimize unconscious bias, attract a more 
diverse talent pool, and ensure fair assessment 
of all candidates.  

Furthermore, we have implemented a bias 
decoder tool to ensure unbiased language in job 
advertisements, and we have introduced 

candidate scorecards after interviews to limit 
unconscious bias during the interview process.  

Subsequently, we have embedded bias blockers 
in our organizational review process by 
introducing tools that consider different 
dimensions of diversity, while ensuring that 
leaders are aware of their own unconscious bias 
when evaluating development opportunities and 
discussing succession planning and promotions. 

LEVELING UP ON INCLUSION 
In 2023, we continued running our e-learnings 
on unconscious bias for all employees to create 
awareness of what unconscious bias is, what to 
be aware of, and how to act and reflect on our 
biases. The objective of the course is for all 
employees to become better at addressing their 
biases and in that way, help build an even more 
inclusive workplace.  

Furthermore, we continued running our e-
learnings on cultural awareness, giving 
employees insights into cultural differences 
across different countries. By acknowledging 
our diverse cultural backgrounds, we can create 
a language around our differences that can help 
us better understand each other and enhance 
collaboration. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
24 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

43.0%

43.1%

42.6%

2023

2022

2021

Share of women among all people 
managers 

35.9%

33.8%

31.5%

2023

2022

2021

Share of women among senior 
managers 

GENDER BALANCE 

From 2022 to 2023, we have increased 
the share of women among our Senior 
Management. For all people managers 
the share of women remains high.  

See the Sustainability Statements section  
of this report for People key performance 
indicators. 

In Q3, we ran a pilot on inclusive leadership 
training as a part of our leadership development 
programs to enable us to develop a plan for 
inclusive leadership training in 2024. 

We want every brain in the game, and we 
believe that we all play a part in fostering an 
inclusive culture where everybody can thrive, be 
their true selves, and contribute with their full 
potential. Therefore, we have initiated the 
development of a DE&I academy, where all 
employees and leaders can access DE&I 
material, resources, and tangible tips and tricks 
for advancing inclusion at Lundbeck.  

CONTINUING TO RAISE AWARENESS 
AND CREATE ENGAGEMENT 
To ensure high organizational engagement,  
we continuously had a strong focus on 
communication activities and engaging events  
in 2023.  

Throughout the year, we recognized and 
celebrated global and local events and holidays 
such as Lunar New Year, Black History Month, 
International Women’s Day, and Global Pride 
Month.  

Our local employee resource groups have 
greatly contributed to the success of the 
celebration of global and local events. 
Throughout the year, they continued to grow in 
numbers and members, highlighting Lundbeck’s 
strong organizational commitment to fostering 
an inclusive culture and ensuring equitable 
processes.  

Status on sustainability targets 

2023 TARGET 

STATUS  COMMENT 

SDG 

Increase in share of underrepresented gender 
(currently women) at senior management level year  
on year 

Achieved 

We have increased from 33.8% 
end 2022 to 35.9% end 2023 and 
thus achieved this year’s goal. 

MEASURING DE&I  
For years, we have continuously monitored our 
key diversity and inclusion measures and will 
continue to do so, as this is a great way to “take 
the temperature” of DE&I in the organization 
and at the same time be able to track results on 
our DE&I journey.  

Our inclusion measurements are tracked via our 
engagement surveys. In 2023, we made further 
improvements on our inclusion measures as 
part of our global engagement survey. In the 
survey, we track our employees’ feeling of equal 
opportunities and their sense of belonging via 
different engagement questions related to 
diversity, equity, belonging, and inclusion. 

Our diversity measurements are tracked through 
our people system. We continue to have a long-
established aim to maintain an overall equal 
gender split for all people managers globally.  

In 2023, the proportion of female managers was 
43.0% by the end of the year compared to 
43.1% end 2022, whereas the gender split for all 
employees by the end of the year was 
54.5/45.5% female/male compared to 
53.7/46.3% end 2022.  

For 2023, we set a target to increase year on 
year the share of the underrepresented gender 
at senior management level, including EVPs, 
SVPs, and VPs. We have increased the share 
from 33.8% end 2022 to 35.9% end 2023 and 
have thus achieved this year’s goal.  

In accordance with Danish legislation, 
Lundbeck's Board of Directors and Executive 
Management have set targets for a balanced 
gender representation for board members 
elected by the shareholders as well as for Upper 
Management (defined as Executive 
Management and their direct reports with people 
management responsibilities). The commitment 
is to achieve a balanced gender representation 
across all managerial levels and a minimum of 
40% women and a minimum of 40% men by 
end of 2026.  

We have a share of women in Upper 
Management of 38% in 2023. We have 25% 
female board members elected by the 
shareholders and 33% female board members 
including the members elected by Lundbeck’s 
employees. We are confident that we will 
achieve the commitment targets by 2026 with 
the policies and actions planned. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
25 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

A STRONGER SAFETY CULTURE  
The safety of our workplace is a priority in 
Lundbeck, and we strive to foster a safety 
culture that minimizes work-related accidents. 
To achieve this, we carry out exhaustive 
monitoring of the frequency, number, and 
severity of accidents to establish action plans 
and ambitious objectives.  

The number of accidents in 2023 was 27, 
compared to 21 last year. That means that we 
this year have a frequency of accidents of 2.8. 
By this we were successful in reaching our 2023 
target of a frequency of lost time accident rate at 
or below 4. 

In 2023, Lundbeck’s sales affiliates 
(approximately 3,000 employees) were added to 
the scope for our data collection and global 
reporting. This is reflected in the higher number 
of accidents and the lower frequency this year 
compared to 2022. 

In 2023, a safety culture pilot project was 
conducted in Lumsås. The strong commitment 
of both employees and managers to this project 
has been a key driver of its success – the 
number of work-related accidents with absence 
went from 10 in 2022 to five in 2023. The project 
began with group interviews amongst the 
employees to get a qualitative understanding of 
their perception of the safety culture. The 
conclusions from these interviews were the 
outset for a manager workshop focusing on the 
importance of the managers’ role and 
engagement in driving a strong safety culture. 
The workshop was followed by several 
initiatives to ensure consistency and to 
continuously focus on safety within teams. Such 
initiatives included manager safety walks and 
managers’ cross organizational sparring on 
safety activities. This initiative will be expanded 
in 2024 to more sites and areas in Lundbeck 
where we have seen an increase or status quo 
in the number of accidents. 

In 2023, there were two high-consequence 
accidents, compared to five in the previous year. 
This means that we have achieved our target of 
maximum three high-consequence accidents for 
2023. 

An analysis of accidents at Lundbeck shows 
that most are related to behavior. Therefore, we 
will launch a campaign in 2024 that aims to 
increase the awareness and responsibility of all 

Status on sustainability targets 

2023 TARGET 

STATUS  COMMENT 

SDG 

Reduce lost time accident frequency ≤ 4 

Achieved 

Not more than three high-consequence work-related 
accidents with absence 

Achieved 

We were successful in reaching a 
target rate below 4, with a rate of 
2.8 for the full year. 

2 of 27 accidents have been 
categorized as high 
consequence. 

Lundbeck employees for the health and safety 
of themselves and their colleagues. 

day. These videos are accessible on 
Lundbeck’s intranet and will be incorporated in 
local onboarding and retraining programs. 

HEALTH AND WELLBEING 
In 2023, we continued to produce more training 
and awareness videos to prevent aches, pains, 
work-related diseases, and accidents. We have 
developed three new training videos to help with 
ergonomic challenges related to work in our 
laboratories, manual operations in our 
production areas, and for the driving of our sales 
employees. The training videos provide 
instructions on how to work in an ergonomic 
way and how to do simple exercises during the 

Additionally, we have successfully continued 
with stress management courses for employees  
in Denmark in 2023, which were well-attended 
and well-received. We plan to continue these 
courses in 2024. 

Image from one of the ergonomics instruction 
and training videos that Lundbeck developed in 
2023. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
26 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

PAYING OUR TAXES  
Through direct and indirect tax payments, 
businesses are an important source of revenue 
for governments and municipalities. Without 
them, sustainable communities cannot be built. 

Lundbeck considers a fair tax policy and a 
robust management of this policy as part of our 
sustainability commitment. It is our policy that 
we pay tax where we make our profit and to 
offer transparency to stakeholders through 
reporting. Lundbeck’s tax policy is reviewed 
and approved by our Board of Directors 
annually.  

In accordance with our aim to offer 
transparency, Lundbeck will in 2024 provide a 
full country-by-country report. The country-by-
country report contains financial data, including 
revenue, profit, and tax per jurisdiction we 
operate in. 

Complying with tax rules can be complex, as the 
interpretation of legislation and case law may 
not always be clear and may change over time. 
We aim to always comply with the letter of the 
law as well as with the legislators’ intention with 
the law, while managing a competitive effective  
tax rate.  

For instance, we pay close attention to transfer 
pricing requirements and focus on pricing the 
value of these intercompany transactions on an 
arm’s length basis, according to best practice 
guidelines issued by the OECD. The guidelines 
ensure that profits are taxed in the country 
where the economic activities generating the 
profits are performed and where the value is 
created. 

2023 CORPORATE TAX PER REGION 
2023 corporate tax amounts to DKKm 7401, of that  
our ten largest markets account for DKKm 644 (87%) 
and the rest of the world accounts for DKKm 96 (13%) 

HEADQUARTERS 

NORTH AMERICA 

4562

471

81

4,147

EUROPE 

339

115

MIDDLE EAST & ASIA   

96
42

LATIN AMERICA 

143
47

Intangible property 

Sales 

Research and 
development 

Production 

1  Profit before tax and corporate income tax 
are disclosed before elimination of intra-
group transactions such as tax free 
dividends and value adjustments of tax 
assets and therefore differs to the 
consolidated figures in the Annual Report. 

2  The Danish Corporate Income tax is 

. 

impacted positively by tax free dividends 
from subsidiaries and by Research and 
Development Incentives. During 2023 H. 
Lundbeck A/S invested DKKm 3,457 in 
Research and Development. 

 Profit before tax (DKKm)1 

 Corporate income tax for the year (DKKm)1 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
27 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Sustainability Statements 

In this statement, you can find detailed disclosures on sustainability  
at Lundbeck. 

Lundbeck continuously updates its management of its impacts 
following the established guidance and principles on environmental 
and social due diligence. Lundbeck revises governance, policies, and 
procedures; sets ambitious targets; reports on progress; and discloses 
a set of externally assured performance indicators. 

IN THIS SECTION 

28  General Disclosures 

29  Environment 

33  Social 

40  Governance 

44  Sustainability Accounting Policies  

45  Reporting according to the EU taxonomy 

50  Management Statement 

regarding the 2023 Sustainability Report 

51  Independent limited assurance report on the Sustainability Data  

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
28 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

General Disclosures  

LUNDBECK IN BRIEF 

Lundbeck is a global pharmaceutical company with its head office in Denmark, doing business in 
more than 50 countries, with research facilities in Denmark and the U.S. and a vertical production 
set-up in Denmark (two sites), Italy (one site), and France (one site). 

SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT 

The Executive Management defines and owns the Sustainability Strategy and priorities. A share of 
their short-term incentive program is linked to performance on targets related to the sustainability 
strategy, described in Lundbeck’s Remuneration Report. 

The CEO has the highest responsibility for the sustainability strategy and presents major decisions 
to the Board of Directors when relevant. A dedicated Corporate Sustainability team is responsible 
for improving, monitoring, and reporting on Lundbeck’s sustainability performance in close 
collaboration with the relevant functions in the organization. The approach taken is to ensure 
ownership of sustainability in the relevant line functions. 

SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 

Lundbeck’s sustainability activities aim to mitigate material risks and adverse impacts related to its 
business activities and to contribute to solving societal challenges where possible. Lundbeck 
remains committed to the UN Global Compact Principles (Lundbeck became a signatory in 2009) 
and contributes to addressing seven of the UN Sustainable Development Goals. 

MATERIAL ISSUES AND STAKEHOLDERS 

With growing interest in ESG in the financial sector, investors and financial institutions are important 
stakeholders for Lundbeck. However, equally important to Lundbeck’s ESG and sustainability work 
are stakeholder groups such as employees, civil society organizations, healthcare professionals, 
healthcare organizations, patient organizations, communities, suppliers, and third parties. Listening 
and responding to priority stakeholders is a core part of Lundbeck’s materiality assessment. See 
Lundbeck’s material issues on page 7. 

Lundbeck is an active participant in The Biopharma Sustainability Roundtable, a sector-specific 
platform designed to connect and support senior biotech and pharma executives in driving their 
Biopharma sustainability agendas forward. The Roundtable also conducts focused investor 

dialogue, where Roundtable participants discuss sustainability strategy and ESG performance 
disclosure directly with capital markets representatives. 

RISK MANAGEMENT 

Lundbeck has several processes in place to ensure that corporate risks are assessed, reviewed, 
and mitigated. Sustainability, business ethics, and compliance are a part of Lundbeck’s Enterprise 
Risk Management framework described in the Annual Report. These topics and the related risks 
are reported regularly to the Audit Committee and Board of Directors.Every year, Lundbeck’s 
Compliance Committee reviews and approves the Code of Conduct Risk Register. The review is 
based on interviews with internal compliance specialists across Lundbeck’s global organization and 
various documented sources, including reported external trends, new regulations, internal audit 
findings, and Compliance Hotline reports. The outcome of the annual Risk Register review is a list 
of mitigating actions that are endorsed by the Compliance Committee to continuously improve the 
Code of Conduct Compliance Program.  

FOUNDATION OWNERSHIP  

The Lundbeck Foundation is Lundbeck’s largest shareholder. It is a separate entity and holds 
approximately 80% of the A-shares and approximately 66% of the B-shares. The total share capital 
held by the Foundation is approximately 69% and the total voting rights held by the Foundation in 
Lundbeck is approximately 76%. The Foundation’s focus is on strengthening brain health and 
neuroscience through a series of research grants and collaborative research models. They award 
The Brain Prize yearly: it is the world’s largest brain research prize (approx. EUR 1.3 million) to one 
or more brain researchers who have had a ground-breaking impact on brain research. 

SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED FINANCING 

In 2022, Lundbeck signed a credit agreement concerning an existing EUR 1.5 billion revolving 
credit facility (RCF) to incorporate sustainability-linked targets.1 The interest rate on the RCF is 
linked to Lundbeck meeting three sustainability KPIs, which is externally assessed on an annual 
basis by an independent third party. The KPIs in the facility relate to greenhouse gas emissions, 
renewable electricity, and access to health in low- and middle-income countries. Lundbeck will 
direct realized interest savings towards new sustainability-related initiatives focused on increasing 
access to health between 2022 and 2025. 

1)  BNP Paribas acted as sole sustainability coordinator. The structuring of the loan aligns with the guidelines set out by the Sustainability 

Linked Loan Principles, published by the Loan Market Association.  

 
 
 
  
 
29 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Environment 

ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND MANAGEMENT  

Lundbeck  is  committed  to  protecting  the  environment  and  believes  that  a  healthy  environment  is  a 
precondition  for  good  health  and  wellbeing.  Lundbeck’s  environmental  work  is  governed  by  its 
sustainability  strategy,  Code  of  Conduct;  Health,  Safety,  and  Environment  Policy;  and  Health, 
Safety, and Environment Strategy.  

Lundbeck has several positions in relation to the environment. Read about Lundbeck’s Position on 
Environmental Footprint, Position on Climate Change, Position on Water, and Position on 
Biodiversity on Lundbeck.com. 

Lundbeck is committed to reducing its water consumption and wastewater discharge, and this 
commitment is realized by implementing various water reducing initiatives at Lundbeck sites. See 
more in the Position on Water. 

Environmental management 

Unit 

Scope 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Environmental incidents 

Environmental incidents with impact on the 
environment 

Environmental near miss 

No. 

No. 

No. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

7 

0 

36 

1 

0 

37 

7 

0 

42 

Lundbeck has had a long-standing history of strong environmental management since the 1980s. 
Lundbeck’s corporate headquarters and larger research, development, and manufacturing facilities 
are today certified to the ISO 14001 and 45001 standards. Lundbeck conducts HSE related internal 
audits at its production sites to test compliance and improve its certified HSE system, as well as 
receiving external audits. Lundbeck is also inspected by local and national authorities to determine 
alignment with environmental requirements, and documentation of compliance with environmental 
approvals is provided. These audits and inspections cover several environmental topics, such as 
emissions of organic compounds to air and waste management. 

CIRCULARITY AND POLLUTION PREVENTION  

Developing most of its own manufacturing processes gives Lundbeck the opportunity to minimize 
material use, substitute unwanted substances, and increase recycling. Lundbeck expects its suppliers 
to deliver materials and handle waste sustainably. Lundbeck’s procedure is to avoid the use of the 
most hazardous substances in its R&D processes. Further Green Chemistry1 principles are applied 
when optimizing chemical synthesis wherever possible. See the Climate Change & Circularity 
chapter of this report for more information. 

Lundbeck’s chemical sites use the best available technologies for cleaning emissions to air and 
sewage systems in accordance with legal requirements. At production sites, where a minimal 
amount of API enters the wastewater, the wastewater is filtered in accordance with legal 
requirements before entering the sewage system. 

1)  Green Chemistry refers to the optimization of chemical synthesis by applying principles to increase the process yield, using less hazardous 

substances, reducing the overall consumption of solvents, and reducing the generation of waste. 

Sustainability accounting policies - definitions 

Environmental incidents 

An environmental incident is an unintended release to  
the environment. 

Environmental incidents with impact 
on the environment 

Incidents with an impact on the environment and due for external 
reporting, are evaluated based on an internal risk 
assessment/scoring methodology of quantity, dispersion, and 
effect. 

Environmental near miss 

An environmental near miss is a contained spill which did not 
release to the environment. The near miss could potentially have 
escalated to an environmental incident. 

BIODIVERSITY  

Lundbeck does not have operations in areas of high biodiversity value. Further assessment will be 
performed during 2024 as part of Lundbeck’s CSRD Readiness work. 

 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
  
30 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Circularity - Resource flows 

Unit 

Scope 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Revenue 

Finished goods production 

DKKm 

Million Units 

Chemical production 

Raw materials 

Organic compounds 

API 

Waste (total - chemical and general 
waste) 

Chemical waste (total) 

Recycling of chemical waste 

Incineration of chemical waste 

Biological treatment of chemical waste 

Landfill of chemical waste 

General waste (total) 

Recycling of general waste  

Incineration of general waste 

Landfill of general waste 

Recycling rate - Organic compounds 

Recycling rate - General waste 

Water consumption 

Potable water 

Unfiltered water 

Wastewater¹

1)  2023 figure includes all potable water from Valbonne site.  

⁾

PHARMACEUTICAL RESIDUES  

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

Tonne 

% 

% 

m³ 

m³ 

m³ 

m³ 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

a. 

Sustainability accounting policies - definitions 

19,912  

18,246 

16,299 

3,795 

427 

3,476 

3,414 

62 

3,711 

435 

3,279 

3,221 

58 

3,775 

417 

3,723 

3,663 

54 

Revenue 

See Annual Report 2023 – Accounting Policy. 

Finished goods production 

Production units (e.g. one tablet or one ampoule) based on SAP 
data.  

Chemical production 

Chemical production of Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) 
and intermediate products. 

16,694 

16,027 

16,518 

Raw materials 

15,262 

14,696 

15,202 

949 

6,356 

7,957 

0 

1,432 

1,080 

345 

7 

59 

75 

734 

6,200 

7,762 

0 

1,095 

6,938 

7,169 

0 

1,332 

1,317 

877 

449 

7 

65 

66 

992 

319 

6 

65 

75 

229,874 

219,159 

223,339 

161,168 

161,924 

174,711 

68,706 

57,235 

48,628 

208,320 

180,725 

186,586 

Waste  

Recycling rate - Organic compounds 

Raw materials consist of the consumption of: Organic compounds 
(chemical compounds used in R&D and production) and Active 
Pharmaceutical Ingredients (API) (used for pharmaceutical 
production). Cleaning agents were part of the totals in 2021 data. 
These were excluded from the scope in 2022 and going forward. 

Waste is measured as the sum of all the waste disposed from 
Lundbeck’s four production sites. Waste is divided into “Chemical 
waste” and “General waste” and subdivided into Recycling, 
Incineration, Biological treatment, and Landfill. Incinerated 
wastewater from chemical production processes is treated as 
waste and therefore reported as waste and not wastewater. 

Organic compounds which are recovered and reused or recycled. 
Estimated relative to tonnes of total organic compounds used at 
both our chemical sites (Lumsås (DK) and Padova (I)). Organic 
compounds are reused on site in Lumsås (DK) and recycled 
externally at a third party in Padova (I). 

Water consumption consists of: groundwater (unfiltered water) 
and water from waterworks (potable water). Data cover 
Lundbeck’s four production sites. Includes: water withdrawal for 
process use (boilers etc.), water withdrawal converted to steam or 
hot water, and water withdrawal for use in production, labs, 
offices and other buildings. Measured based on meter readings or 
invoices from suppliers. 

Wastewater discharge includes potable water and discharged 
groundwater/unfiltered water. Wastewater includes all planned 
and unplanned discharges of water from Lundbeck’s four 
production sites. Recorded based on meter readings or water 
consumption. 

Recycling rate - General waste 

Share of the total general waste reused or recycled based on the 
information from the receiver. 

Water consumption 

Lundbeck acknowledges stakeholder concerns about pharmaceutical residues in the environment. 
Lundbeck tests the environmental effects of new medicinal products and designs processes with 
the least possible environmental impact. Based on the test results, disposal of unused medicine is 
evaluated. Information on the waste disposal of unused medicine is added to the leaflet included in 
the medicine packaging. 

Wastewater 

Lundbeck pursues approaches that balance healthcare needs and environmental considerations in 
line with the EFPIA’s Eco-Pharmaco-Stewardship Initiative to minimize pharmaceuticals in the 
environment 

 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
31 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

CLIMATE AND ENERGY GOVERNANCE AND MANAGEMENT  

Lundbeck set its first climate target in 2006 and made its first CDP disclosure in 2007. Since then, 
the targets have been revised and made more ambitious several times. Lundbeck’s commitment to 
climate actions is governed by a Steering Committee chaired by the Executive Vice President, 
Product Development & Supply. Across the responsible functions in Lundbeck, project managers 
have been appointed to lead the change and climate targets are being integrated into the 
performance review of a growing number of employees and managers. These activities also cover 
the topic of energy management. In addition, energy review and management are included in 
Lundbeck’s ISO14001-certified environmental management system, where roles and 
responsibilities are defined and annual targets are set. See the Climate Change & Circularity 
chapter of this report for descriptions of the actions taken in 2023 and progress on targets. 

Climate and Energy 

Unit 

Scope 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Greenhouse Gas Emission 

Scope 1&2 GHGs (market based)³

Tonne CO

ₑ 

Scope 1 GHGs¹

²

Scope 2 GHGs (location based) 
⁾
Scope 2 GHGs (market based)³

⁾

⁾

Scope 3 GHGs 
Scope 3 GHGs: Purchased goods and 
services ³

⁾

Scope 3 GHGs: Up-stream transportation 
and distribution ³

⁾

Scope 3 GHGs: Business travel ³
⁾

VOCs emitted to air 

Energy consumption²

⁾

Natural gas, methane, city gas, F-gas 

⁾

Gasoil, biooil, diesel, solvents²

District heating 

Electricity 

⁾

Renewable electricity share 

ₑ 

Tonne CO
₂
ₑ 
Tonne CO
₂
ₑ 
Tonne CO
₂
ₑ 
₂

Tonne CO

₂
Tonne CO

ₑ 

₂
ₑ 
Tonne CO

ₑ 
Tonne CO
₂

Tonne 

₂
MWh 

MWh 

MWh 

MWh 

MWh 

% 

b. 

b. 

b. 

b. 

d. 

25,291 

21,357 

15,602 

3,934 

27,301 

23,332 

15,525 

3,969 

32,776 

25,505 

15,808 

7,271 

119,336 

113,045 

110,652 

d. 

99,232 

95,222 

96,656 

d. 

d. 

b. 

b. 

b. 

b. 

b. 

b. 

b. 

7,468 

12,636 

8 

8,187 

9,636 

9 

8,921 

5,075 

24 

107,477 

105,704 

108,162 

32,702 

16,725 

13,576 

44,474 

32,191 

15,876 

13,722 

43,913 

71 

66 

36,521 

13,018 

15,269 

43,353 

54 

Sustainability accounting policies - definitions 

Greenhouse Gas Emission 

Amount of calculated greenhouse gas (GHG) emitted to air, reported  
in CO2e. 

Scope 1 GHGs 

Scope 2 GHGs (location based) 

Direct scope 1 emissions include greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) 
that occur related to and including consumption of gas, oil, and 
refrigerants used in production (e.g. emissions associated with fuel 
combustion in boilers, furnaces, vehicles). 

All consumed energy is monitored by building-specific meter readings 
or invoices. The quantity of consumed energy sources is multiplied by 
relevant emission factors provided by the UK Department for 
Environment, Food & Rural Affairs (DEFRA). 

Emissions data from Lundbeck’s owned or controlled vehicle fleet are 
provided directly by the associated leasing company or calculated 
based on consumed fuel multiplied with relevant emission factors. 
Primary data from an estimated 57% of the company cars are retrieved 
and used to extrapolate emissions from Lundbeck’s full fleet activity. 

Scope 2 emissions includes all indirect emissions related to the 
generation of acquired and consumed electricity and district heating. 
All consumed energy is monitored by building-specific meter readings 
and invoices if meter readings are not available. 

The emissions are reported as location-based and are derived from 
consumed energy multiplied with relevant location-based emission 
factors provided by DEFRA. 

Scope 2 GHGs (market based) 

Includes all indirect emissions related to the generation of acquired 
and consumed electricity and district heating.  

All consumed energy is monitored by building-specific meter readings 
or invoices. 

The emissions are reported primarily as market-based emissions, 
where consumed scope 2 energy is multiplied with market-specific 
emission factors provided directly from the energy supplier. Where 
market-specific emissions are not available, the best available 
location-based emission factors provided by DEFRA are used for the 
reporting in line with the GHG protocol hierarchy. 

1) Scope 1 also includes company cars, which are covered by scope c rather than scope b 

2)  Comparative figures  for 2022 have been updated to reflect the improved the data quality 

3) Comparative figures for 2022 and 2021 have been updated to reflect the improved the data quality 

Scope 1 & 2 GHGs (market based) 

Combines the calculated scope 1 and scope 2 emissions using the 
reported market-based scope 2 emissions. 

 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
  
32 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Sustainability accounting policies - definitions (continued) 

Scope 3 GHGs 

Scope 3 includes and accounts for other indirect emissions in 
Lundbeck’s value-chain, which are not accounted for elsewhere. 

Scope 3 GHGs: Purchased goods 
and services 

Scope 3 GHGs: Up-stream 
transportation and distribution 

Scope 3 GHGs: Business travel 

The reported scope 3 emissions are limited to include three GHG-
protocol categories: ‘Purchased goods and services’, ‘Up-stream 
transportation and distribution’, and ‘Business travel’. The reported 
scope 3 emissions cover our scope SBTi target boundary. 

Emissions related to purchased products are estimated based on 
acquired quantities multiplied with appropriate emissions factors 
supplied by the Ecoinvent database. Currently app. 21.5% (2022: app. 
20%, 2021: app.16%) of data in this category is based on suppliers’ 
emission data reported directly to Lundbeck or based on the suppliers’ 
reported emissions in their CDP disclosure or Sustainability Reports. 

Emissions related to purchased services are based on financial spend 
in USD multiplied with relevant spend-based emission factors supplied 
by the USEEIO database. Approximately 12% of the emissions in this 
category are excluded, as they are not included in our SBTi target 
boundary. The excluded emissions include tax and authority service. 

Includes emissions from all purchased (non-owned) transport and 
distribution services. This includes inbound logistics (from Tier 1 
suppliers), transport between Lundbeck sites in Valby and Lumsås 
(DK), and outbound logistics. A selection of Lundbeck’s key logistic 
suppliers provides specific emissions data for their activities related to 
Lundbeck. Where this is not available, emissions are calculated based 
on financial spend in USD multiplied with relevant spend-based 
emission factors supplied by the EEIO database. This is primarily for 
locally procured logistics services. 

All emissions related to the category are converted and calculated as 
well-to-wheel greenhouse gas emissions. 

Includes emissions from the transportation of employees across the 
whole group for business-related activities owned or operated by third 
parties. This includes emissions that are caused due to employees 
traveling by air, road, rail, and sea as well as emissions associated 
with hotel stays. The emissions from business travel-related activities 
are calculated based on transported distance and number of stays at 
hotels, multiplied with relevant emissions factors provided by DEFRA. 

Currently 98% (2022: 89%, 2021: 75%) of the flight-related emissions 
are provided by associated travel agencies and the remaining 2% are 
extrapolated (2022: 11%, 2021: 25%). All flight-related activities have 
been adjusted to include radiative forcing factors in 2023, 2022, and 
2021 figures. 

REPORTING ACCORDING TO CLIMATE-RELATED FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES (TCFD) 

Lundbeck supports the TCFD recommendations and believes they provide a useful framework to 
increase transparency on climate-related risks and opportunities within financial markets.  

The CEO has the overall responsibility of the sustainability strategy and presents major decisions to 
the Board when relevant. Risks including related mitigating actions and opportunities are assessed 
regularly by the Executive Management and reviewed together with the Board of Directors. 

Lundbeck’s climate-related risks and opportunities all have low impacts, except physical risks of 
exposure to extreme weather events that can affect its sites, partners, and suppliers, and 
conversely the opportunity to maintain resilient production.  

Risk and opportunities are impacting Lundbeck’s business by leading it to become highly energy 
efficient, increase its use of renewable energy, and engage with suppliers to mitigate future physical 
and transitional changes. 

Lundbeck prepares scenario analysis using climate modeling scenarios that predict temperature 
increases. As part of Lundbeck’s CSRD Readiness work started in 2023, the process for this 
analysis has been evaluated with a view to strengthen cross-functional involvement. 

As part of its support for the TCFD recommendations, Lundbeck comprehensively reports on 
governance, strategy, business opportunities, and risks related to climate change through the 
Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP). You can find the latest full CDP disclosure on Lundbeck.com. 

Sustainability accounting policies - definitions (continued) 

VOCs emitted to air 

Volatile Organic Compounds (VOCs) emitted to air. An insignificant 
share of the VOCs from Lundbeck’s production has global warming 
potential (according to IPCC) and the VOCs are therefore not reported 
as part of our scope 1 GHG emissions. 

Energy consumption 

Consumed energy is monitored by building-specific meter readings or 
invoices if meter readings are not available. 

Renewable electricity share 

Share of renewable electricity purchased through either selected 
supplier or shares of renewable electricity in country-specific grids. The 
share of renewable electricity is reported as the mean of consumed 
renewable electricity.   

 
 
 
  
  
  
33 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Social 

ACCESS TO HEALTH  

For information on Lundbeck’s product donation program, position papers, disease awareness 
material and patient support programs, and more, see the Access to Health section of 
this report. 

Pricing  
Lundbeck acknowledges the challenges faced by healthcare systems under pressure from rising 
demands, and it recognizes concerns expressed on the affordability of innovative medicines. See 
more in Lundbeck’s global pricing position.  

Product donation program 
In 2020, Lundbeck commenced its collaboration with International Health Partners (IHP) to initiate 
their first mental health program in the Middle East & Africa (MEA) region. In 2021, Lundbeck 
signed a Letter of Intent to expand the partnership. Since then, the partnership has gradually been 
expanded to reach more patients year on year and will continue to do so.  

Access to Health 

Unit 

Scope 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Donated treatment in Low-Middle Income 
Countries 

Patients 

c. 

3,325 

4,196 

937 

Sustainability accounting policies - definitions 

Donated treatment in Low-Middle 
Income Countries 

Number of patients estimated by dividing the number of doses shipped 
with medically recommended average treatment. The number is based 
on a mathematical calculation based on the donated amount of 
medicine. The number is not based on an evaluation of actual 
treatment at clinics. 

Diversity in clinical trials commitment 
Lundbeck is committed to conducting inclusive clinical trials, improving diversity across racial and 
ethnic groups which have been historically underrepresented in clinical trials. These efforts are an 
important part of Lundbeck’s focus on combating health inequities and racial disparities in health. 

In October 2023, Lundbeck launched internal supportive materials and guidelines for developing 
Clinical Diversity plans in alignment with FDA guidelines, and Lundbeck is partnering with sites and 
CRO partners to implement actions which will improve patient diversity within clinical trials. Setting 
targets for trial diversity with subsequent monitoring and oversight will be an important step in 
achieving Lundbeck’s diversity goals.  

Lundbeck will assess and drive efforts in this area and monitor Lundbeck’s progress per regulatory 
requirements.  

Patent principles  
In 2021, Lundbeck and 25 other pharmaceutical companies announced an approach to intellectual 
property (IP) for advancing cures and therapies with patient and societal benefit at its core. It is 
called the IP Principles for Advancing Cures and Therapies (IP PACT). Lundbeck believes that 
IP is a key facilitator of medical progress, and Lundbeck strives for patient and societal benefits as 
guiding principles in its IP practices. One of the principles is that Lundbeck approaches IP in the 
world’s poorest countries in ways that consider their unique socio-economic challenges. It is 
important to Lundbeck that patients and society understand the way Lundbeck uses IP and why it is 
essential to what we do. Therefore, together with other companies, Lundbeck communicates these 
key IP principles that guide its use of IP to advance the goals of improving and extending patients’ 
lives.  

Clinical trials  
Clinical trials are outsourced and continuously monitored in line with Good Clinical Practice 
requirements, as well as all relevant requirements from regulatory agencies and ethics committees. 

Lundbeck registers clinical trial protocols and discloses the results of clinical trials, regardless of 
outcome, in publicly accessible clinical trial registries (ClinicalTrials.gov and EudraCT/CTIS). This 

 
 
 
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
   
34 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

includes terminated trials. Non-interventional studies may also be disclosed if, for example, they are 
considered to provide important safety data.  

also successfully concluded a pilot project on direct follow up on adverse event reporting by 
patients and caregivers. The set-up has now been made permanent. 

Clinical trial reports for approved products are accessible on the EMA’s page for clinical trial data in 
accordance with EMA POLICY/0070. Clinical trial information for products approved in Canada is 
accessible on Health Canada's homepage in accordance with Health Canada's guidance on Public 
Release of Clinical Information.  

In 2023, Lundbeck updated several important safety processes related to signal detection and risk 
management. The safety organization also performs an evaluation of potential health hazards and 
changes to benefit–risk in the event of quality defects with a mandate to escalate significant safety 
topics to Safety Governance. 

Lundbeck also shares trial results with the patients that participated in these trials through a public 
website (trialsummaries.com). This information is provided in easy-to-understand language.  

Every year, Lundbeck performs online awareness training on patient safety / pharmacovigilance 
with gamified quiz questions for improved learnings. All employees globally are required to 
complete the training.  

Lundbeck will seek to ensure that disclosure of clinical trial information follows the IFPMA, EFPIA, 
JPMA, and PhRMA joint position paper “Disclosure of Clinical Trial Information via Clinical Trial 
Registries and Databases”, the Declaration of Helsinki and other relevant clinical trial disclosure 
requirements. 

Combating falsified or counterfeit products  
Lundbeck takes stringent measures to secure its supply chain and ensure that genuine Lundbeck 
medicines reach patients every time.  

PRODUCT AND PATIENT SAFETY  

Lundbeck Safety Governance is the primary decision-maker at Lundbeck for decisions related to 
safety risks impacting the benefit-risk profile of Lundbeck products, including their related safety risk 
management activities. The highest level of Safety Governance, the Safety Board, is mandated to 
decide on product recalls due to negative benefit-risk, product labeling changes related to safety, 
and to pause development activities globally for safety reasons.  

In 2019, a Chief Medical Officer (CMO) role was introduced and has been fully implemented in 
procedures since 2020. The CMO chairs the Lundbeck Safety Board and has the mandate to 
escalate safety topics directly to the CEO. The processes for the Lundbeck Safety Governance 
underwent significant updates in 2023 to align with new legislation and to strengthen cross-
functional communication in line with the global mandate of Lundbeck Safety Governance. 

In 2020, the role of Qualified Person for Pharmacovigilance (QPPV) was expanded from EU QPPV 
to become a global role. The global QPPV manages a global network of qualified persons, the local 
QPPVs, in countries where such a role is mandated. In 2023, the UK QPPV role, which was 
previously outsourced, was added to the responsibilities of the global QPPV with the aim of further 
leveraging synergies between the roles. 

As part of Lundbeck’s efforts to become more patient-centric, the company's adverse event 
reporting form, used for worldwide reporting of adverse events related to Lundbeck products, 
underwent a significant revision in 2023 to become more user-friendly. The new form was 
developed with patient input and was rolled out globally on all affiliate websites in 2023. Lundbeck 

Lundbeck protects the integrity of its products by labeling packages with various safety features, 
which increases the security of Lundbeck medicines – such safety features include, for example, 
serial numbers for unique identification, anti-tampering devices, and a 2D data matrix. In 
collaboration with Health Authorities, such measures are aimed at increasing the visibility of the 
supply chain, traceability of products, and verification of medicine when being dispensed to 
patients. To support these activities, Lundbeck has established IT infrastructure to secure data 
integrity and exchange with Health Authorities and partners. Lundbeck closely follows global 
regulations on safety features to apply the latest measures to our medicines. 

Tools used by Lundbeck’s dedicated team in Brand Protection to identify threats and develop 
mitigation actions include: 

• Ongoing monitoring of specific country customs data in response to known threats  
• Customs surveillance & training  
• Intelligence sharing with industry peers and associations  
• Market surveys: purchases from pharmacies to assess the local market  
• Online monitoring of e.g. marketplaces, online pharmacies, social media  
• Quality complaints from affiliates  
• Mitigation actions and enforcement are appropriate to the assessed nature, scale, and impact 

of risks and/or threats  

Lundbeck has mandatory Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) and Good Distribution Practices 
(GDP) requirements in place that cover compliance in the area of Storage and Distribution and 
include managing risks related to third-party transportation companies.  

 
 
 
  
35 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Lundbeck collaborates with customs authorities to surveil shipments claiming to contain Lundbeck 
products, providing training when necessary. Lundbeck also engages with international 
organizations dedicated to fighting counterfeit medicine by attending quarterly meetings of the 
EFPIA Anti-counterfeiting & Security Network, as well as regular workshops and annual 
conferences of the International Anti-Counterfeiting Coalition (IACC) and the International 
Trademark Association (INTA). 

Lundbeck follows mandatory procedures that are in place to manage product recalls. Lundbeck's 
recall procedures require that health authorities are always involved, and information provided to 
the wholesaler and end-user is based upon their advice. The recall system is reviewed annually 
through mock recalls to check the efficiency of Lundbeck's procedures. This not only is a 
requirement for Lundbeck's operation, but also serves as training to ensure that Lundbeck 
employees are prepared in case of a recall event. 

Concerns and complaints related to product safety and counterfeit medicine are captured through 
dedicated channels (see Code of Conduct – Patient Safety). Customers and business partners are 
alerted to potential or known risks associated with counterfeit products by authorities who are 
notified according to Lundbeck’s country-specific processes. Additionally, wholesalers and 
distributors are advised by the local Lundbeck function responsible for quality and anti-
counterfeiting.  

Internal awareness training on illicit trade and anti-counterfeiting is provided throughout the year to 
commercial teams in countries with identified risks by Lundbeck’s Senior Brand Protection 
Manager. Additionally, Lundbeck provides continuous training of employees across the 
organization, as well as external partners and local teams, on safety measures for traceability and 
product verification.  

Product quality  
Lundbeck is required to deliver both product consistency and quality according to the strict 
regulations applicable to the pharmaceutical industry. Lundbeck is certified by the Danish Medicines 
Agency and several other national regulatory bodies. Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP) 
certifications and manufacturing licenses can be found in a public database (EudraGMDP). All 
Lundbeck sites are subject to both internal and external Good Practice (GxP) audits as well as 
regulatory audits. 

All Lundbeck production sites hold the necessary certifications to operate as pharmaceutical 
manufacturers, and Lundbeck standards are cascaded throughout the value chain through written 
procedures, audits, and training relating to GMP and GDP. Lundbeck performs extensive in-house 
testing of all raw and packaging materials, intermediates, and finished products, as well as external 
testing. Specifications are agreed with the regulatory bodies in the markets where products are 
sold. All Lundbeck’s product are traceable according to Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) 
principles. 

Annually, all Lundbeck employees undergo pharmacovigilance training, and Lundbeck's Product 
Development & Supply department is additionally trained on product quality. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
36 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

OWN EMPLOYEES  

Lundbeck’s employees are its most important and critical resource. Lundbeck ensures respect for 
the individual and the continuous development of its employees. Staying safe and healthy at work is 
considered to be a fundamental right for all.  

Diversity and inclusion 
Lundbeck is a diverse company determined to build an inclusive high-performance culture that 
allows all employees to enrich their professional skills and career at Lundbeck without 
discrimination, as described in Lundbeck’s global Diversity and Inclusion Policy. See the People 
& Communities chapter of this report for 2023 activities. 

People 

Unit  Scope 

2023 

2022 

2021 

align with shareholders’ long-term interests through a link to the performance of Lundbeck’s share 
price. The link provides Management with an incentive to drive innovation to Lundbeck’s growth on 
a long-term sustainable basis. 

Sustainability accounting policies - definitions 

Average employee remuneration  
(H. Lundbeck A/S) 

Total H. Lundbeck A/S remuneration excl. Management divided by total 
number of FTEs in H. Lundbeck A/S. This number is reported in the 
2023 Remuneration Report. 

New CEO/Employee ratio (H. 
Lundbeck A/S) 

Total Annualized CEO remuneration divided by H. Lundbeck A/S 
average employee remuneration excl. Management. This number is 
reported in the 2023 Remuneration Report together with Former 
CEO/Employee ratios. 

Average employee remuneration (H. 
Lundbeck A/S)  

New CEO/Employee ratio (H. Lundbeck 
A/S) ¹

Gender balance  
- all employees 

⁾

Gender balance  
- all people managers 

Gender balance  
- senior managers 

Number of women on the Board 
(shareholder elected) 

DKKm  

c. 

Times 

c. 

0.88 

31.7 

0.85 

0.86 

N/A 

N/A 

Gender balance - all employees 

Includes all permanent employees hired and paid directly by H. 
Lundbeck A/S. Gender is assigned as female or male. Gender balance 
reported as female/male shares of total.   

Female/male 

c.  54.5/45.5%  53.7/46.3%  53.9/46.1% 

Female/male 

c.  43.0/57.0%  43.1/56.9%  42.6/57.4% 

Gender balance - all people 
managers 

Includes all managers that have at least one direct report in their 
organizational structure. Gender is assigned as female or male. Gender 
balance reported as female/male shares of total. 

Female/male 

c.  35.9/64.1%  33.8/66.2%  31.5/68.5% 

Gender balance - senior managers 

Includes all Executive Vice Presidents, Senior Vice Presidents and Vice 
Presidents. Gender is assigned as female or male. Gender balance 
reported as female/male shares of total. 

No./Total No. 

c. 

2/8 

2/7 

2/7 

1) Charl van Zyl’s annualized total remuneration divided by H. Lundbeck A/S average employee remuneration excl. Management. 

Number of women on the Board 
(shareholder elected) 

Total number of women elected by the general meeting divided by the 
total number of members of the Board of Directors for H. Lundbeck A/S 
elected by the general meeting. Gender is assigned as male and 
female. 

Remuneration  
Lundbeck strives to offer employees a competitive and market-related remuneration package 
consisting of fixed and variable compensation as well as monetary and non-monetary benefits. 
Lundbeck believes that with an employee-focused, fair, and transparent remuneration package, the 
most qualified talents in the market can be attracted and retained. Lundbeck’s compensation and 
benefit programs are reviewed each year and benchmarked against the market to ensure that 
Lundbeck’s remuneration is competitive and aligned to the company’s goals and priorities.  

Employee satisfaction and development 
All employees globally participate in an annual Employee Satisfaction Survey, where results of 
the survey are shared internally and action plans are put in place where necessary. All employees 
are also appraised annually and have an opportunity to discuss individual training needs and career 
aspirations with their immediate manager. 

Lundbeck’s management remuneration package consists of both fixed and variable components. All 
members of Management participate in Lundbeck’s Long-Term Incentive program (LTI), which is a 
part of the variable remuneration. Lundbeck’s LTI program is designed to retain Executives and to 

Lundbeck has annual organizational review and people review processes in place in all business 
areas addressing succession planning, management teams, and talent development. 

 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
37 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Lundbeck regularly partners with leading business schools to deliver leadership programs for senior 
levels, including IMD (Switzerland) and London Business School (UK). Lundbeck has several 
training providers and coaches identified as preferred suppliers in Denmark who are regularly 
engaged in training and development programs. 

life. Local management teams prioritize work-life balance considering individual needs in their 
teams and monitoring wellbeing through continuous dialogue and annual surveys. For more  
information about working at Lundbeck, visit Lundbeck’s career pages. 

On a global scale, Lundbeck offers a range of corporate leadership training programs from an 
introduction to Lundbeck’s leadership framework to building business leadership skills for senior 
management. Annually, 250–400 leaders in Lundbeck participate in these global leadership 
programs. 

Employees who have been identified as having high potential are nominated to take part in the 
Navigator and Voyager talent programs (1- and 2-year programs, respectively) consisting of 
multiple modules and focusing on personal and professional development.  

In addition, each business area has a budget for people development which is allocated according 
to employee needs. Some areas engage in more extensive training on certain topics, one example 
in 2023 being the AMSL (Agile Mindset and Servant Leadership) program rolled out across 
Research & Development teams. 

Flexibility, Mobility, and Wellbeing  
Lundbeck realizes that individual productivity and wellbeing may be improved by having flexible 
work arrangements, which is why Lundbeck’s Flexible Workplace, Flexible Workday, and Reduced 
Hours Policies apply to all office employees. Although Lundbeck’s primary place of work is in a 
face-to-face setting, local management decides how to shape the best work environment in each 
area. Place of work as well as working hours can be altered to be mutually beneficial to the 
employee and the organization. In 2023, Lundbeck started piloting compressed work weeks where 
employees at the production facility in Lumsås can choose to compress their working time into 
fewer days and thereby get more full days off.  

Employees can also apply for reduced work time according to their personal needs while special 
leave and sabbaticals are decided on a case-by-case basis. In Lundbeck, our goal is to achieve the 
flexibility and agility required to respond to changing business demands. Lundbeck’s Global Mobility 
Policy acts as a framework for extended business travel which allows eligible employees to 
participate in international assignments lasting from two to 36 months.  

Supporting the mental and physical wellbeing of employees is a high priority at Lundbeck. 
Wellbeing initiatives vary from location to location to account for the diverse needs in Lundbeck’s 
global organization. Stress prevention programs have been rolled out in major sites, giving 
employees the tools and support they need to maintain a healthy balance in their work and personal 

 
 
 
  
 
 
38 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Occupational Health and Safety  
It is key for Lundbeck to provide a safe and healthy workplace and inclusive culture. This is 
addressed and enforced through regular training, awareness campaigns, and internal audits. 
Lundbeck’s Health and Safety performance is governed by its Code of Conduct, Position on 
Health and Safety, Health, Safety and Environment Policy, and Health, Safety and 
Environment Strategy. Lundbeck’s corporate headquarters and larger research, development, and 
manufacturing facilities are certified to the ISO 45001 standard certification. 

To mitigate risks and identify positive impacts, Lundbeck systematically assesses incidents and 
working conditions as well as performs risk assessments before making any physical or 
organizational changes, for instance when establishing new facilities and developing new products 
and processes. Lundbeck is continuously developing its comprehensive Industrial Hygiene 
Program, which includes toxicological tests, dust measurements, and the calculation of exposure 
limits for new active substances and biologics. Based on these measurements, Lundbeck evaluates 
and designs workplaces and procedures that ensure healthy and safe working conditions. 

Health & Safety 

Unit 

Scope 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Work related accident with absence¹

Work related near miss 

Work related accident without absence¹

Work related disease 

⁾

⁾

High-consequence work related accident with 
absence ¹

²

Frequency of lost time accidents¹

⁾

⁾

Fatalities 

⁾

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

Freq. 

No. 

c. 

a. 

c. 

a. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

27 

522 

82 

2 

2 

2.8 

0 

21 

466 

91 

1 

5 

5.8 

0 

24 

449 

81 

0 

6 

6.5 

0 

1) 2023 scope has been expanded so that all employees are included. 2022 and 2021 have scope a. (Production sites: Valby (DK), Lumsås (DK), 
Valbonne (F), and Padova (I)). Data has not been collected retroactively in this scope for 2022 and 2021. 

2) Comparative figures were updated to reflect changes in severity of the consequence of 2 accidents to high consequence after year end for 
2022 numbers. 

Sustainability accounting policies - definitions 

Work-related accident 
with absence 

A work-related event or exposure that occurred suddenly and gives rise to 
personal physical or psychological injury and results in days away from work for 
one or more working days in addition to the day of the accident.  

The data covers accidents reported to Corporate Health, Safety & Environment.  

Work-related near miss 

A sudden incident where no personal injury occurred but had the potential to do 
so. Near miss also contains hazardous observations (a situation, condition or act 
that could lead to a near miss or accident).  

The data covers near miss reported to Corporate Health, Safety & Environment. 

Work-related accident  
without absence 

A work-related event or exposure that occurred suddenly and gives rise to 
personal physical or psychological injury but does not result in incapacity to work 
in addition to the day of the accident.   

The data covers accidents reported to Corporate Health, Safety & Environment. 

Work-related disease 

A work-related disease that arises after long-term harmful exposure from the 
work or working conditions. Must be recognized as a disease by the competent 
authority.  

The data covers diseases reported to Corporate Health, Safety & Environment. 

High-consequence work-
related accident with 
absence 

Work-related accidents with absence that are assessed as “Large” (work-related 
injury with permanent injury) or “Catastrophic” (death or disability) in internal risk 
assessment and results in an injury from which the employee is not expected to 
recover fully within six months. 

At year end, there is a follow up performed of the status of accidents that have 
occurred in the past two years. If any increases in the severity of the accidents 
are found, then comparative figures will be updated accordingly. 

The data covers accidents reported to Corporate Health, Safety & Environment. 

Frequency of lost time 
accidents 

The frequency is calculated as the number of accidents with absence and 
fatalities per one million working hours. 

Total number of working hours is calculated using an estimate of 225 working 
days a year multiplied by 7.4 hours per day multiplied by the number of 
employees. 

Fatalities 

Fatalities are the number of employees who lost their lives as a result of a work-
related accident. These accidents are included in the calculation of the 
Frequency of lost time accidents.  

The data covers fatalities reported to Corporate Health, Safety & Environment. 

 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
39 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY IN LUNDBECK’S VALUE CHAIN  

HUMAN RIGHTS  

All raw material suppliers for commercial production and Contract Manufacturing Organizations are 
subject to a human rights and environmental due diligence screening prior to engagement with 
Lundbeck, as well as ongoing monitoring. All such facilities located outside the EU/ESS and North 
America are audited by qualified Lundbeck staff for health & safety, employment, and 
environmental conditions. 

Third parties are contractually bound to adhere to local and internationally recognized anti-
corruption, labor rights, human rights, and environmental standards as dictated by principles of the 
UN Global Compact. Critical or material collaboration partners and suppliers are contractually 
required to adopt Lundbeck’s Third Party Obligations, which bind them to adhere to relevant 
sections of Lundbeck’s Code of Conduct. 

To assess and verify compliance, Lundbeck conducts systematic due diligence screenings with 
regards to respecting human and labor rights, environmental protection, and preventing corruption.  

The specific risk areas assessed are: 

• Conflict of interest  
• Financial crime (including corruption, bribery, tax evasion, and violations of trade sanctions)  
• Human and labor rights violations  
• Significant environmental impact  

Lundbeck’s due diligence process includes training, performance monitoring, and compliance audits 
that emphasize continuous open dialogue with third parties. 

During on-site audits of chemical suppliers, social and human rights topics - such as harassment 
and abusive behavior - are general topics on the agenda assessed in dialogue with suppliers. In 
cases in which a supplier does not fully comply with Lundbeck’s Heath, Safety, and Environment 
(HSE) and labor standards, a re-audit within a year is applicable to assess if adequate 
improvements have been made. An action plan and Corrective and Preventative Actions are agreed 
upon with the supplier to make sure sufficient initiatives are taken. For approved suppliers having 
only a basic management system for HSE and labor issues, a four-year audit cycle is applicable. If 
a supplier is assessed during an on-site audit to have a high level of HSE and labor rights 
compliance, no further audits are performed to focus Lundbeck’s resources on the suppliers that 
need to improve their basic systems. 

Lundbeck’s human rights statement expresses its commitment to respect human rights, while 
Lundbeck’s commitment to ending all forms of human slavery is reflected in its UK Modern Slavery 
Act Statement. Additionally, Lundbeck advocates for the respect of human rights in relation to 
mental health. It is a tragic fact that people living with mental health conditions can be amongst the 
most vulnerable in society, enduring incarceration, chaining, coercion and over-medicalization, 
stigma, and exclusion. 

Data privacy  
Lundbeck is firmly committed to safeguarding the data protection rights of patients, employees, and 
research and business partners in accordance with applicable legislation, including the EU General 
Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) and the Danish Data Protection Act. To this end, Lundbeck has 
implemented a data privacy compliance program including elements such as policies and 
governance, risk management, incident management, as well as monitoring and oversight. Read 
Lundbeck’s Data Privacy Policy to find out more. 

Data Ethics Policy  
In 2021, Lundbeck developed and approved a new, global Data Ethics Policy on ethical and 
responsible decision making on the use of data. Lundbeck’s Data Ethics Policy states the principles 
it commits to apply beyond staying compliant with current data protection regulations. This is 
especially relevant in the development or application of fast-moving, innovative digital technologies. 
The Data Ethics Policy shall help Lundbeck make ethical and responsible decisions on the use of 
data with maximal benefit and minimal harm for individuals and society. 

We have implemented rigorous controls to ensure adherence with our Data Privacy Policy. The 
Data Ethics Policy adds to these controls and is particularly relevant in the design of digital 
technologies. It applies to the processing of personal data from patients, partners and our 
employees as well as non-personal data, e.g. production and market data. Ethical aspects of new 
digital technologies are assessed in consultation with our specialists within data privacy and ethics. 
The assessment considers stakeholder expectations, risks and benefits to individuals of the data 
use. Lundbeck will routinely monitor the effectiveness of the policy as part of our Compliance 
Program. 

PRESENCE IN RUSSIA 

Lundbeck condemns the war in Ukraine and Russia’s invasion of a free and democratic nation. 
Essential food supplies and medicine are often exempt from sanctions on humanitarian grounds. 
Lundbeck has therefore decided to continue supplying medicine to patients in Russia – something 
that is allowed under the current sanctions. Lundbeck closely follows the sanctions imposed against 
Russia to ensure compliance in our operations. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
40 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Governance 

BUSINESS ETHICS 

Lundbeck’s Code of Conduct is an integral part of its business ethics and compliance culture. The 
Code of Conduct conveys to employees and external partners Lundbeck’s steadfast commitment to 
ensuring it continues to do the right thing by adhering to high expectations when conducting ethical 
business in Lundbeck’s name.  

All Lundbeck employees and relevant contractors as well as third parties working on Lundbeck’s 
behalf are obliged to follow the Code of Conduct and adhere to stricter local laws, codes, and/or 
regulations as appropriate. All employees are required to receive both onboarding and in-class 
training when joining Lundbeck, as well as to complete and certify Code of Conduct e-learning 
training on an annual basis. Both the Code of Conduct document and e-learning module are 
available in 11 languages. 

Lundbeck has implemented several measures to deter non-compliance and reduce exposure to 
unethical behavior. These measures include internal audits, monitoring of business activities, and a 
Compliance Hotline that is managed by an independent provider. 

Compliance governance and management  
Lundbeck’s ethical standards are defined by Executive Management. Those ethical standards are 
described in the Code of Conduct, which conveys Lundbeck’s commitments and the expectations to 
our employees for areas that are critical to the pharmaceutical industry and to us as a company. 
Executive Management is also responsible for ensuring the proper roll out and implementation of 
these ethical standards. This is done via the Compliance Program, which include policies and 
procedures, auditing and monitoring, compliance hotline, etc. The role of the Chief Ethics & 
Compliance Officer has been established to drive the Compliance Program. 

Lundbeck’s Board of Directors’ Audit Committee provides oversight of Lundbeck’s Compliance 
Program, including investigation procedures and outcomes. Lundbeck’s Chief Ethics & Compliance 
Officer provides briefings on current developments at the Audit Committee meetings, which aims to 
ensure the Code of Conduct Compliance Program and organization is kept effective, sufficiently 
positioned, and resourced. 

Lundbeck’s ethical standards are defined by Executive Management. Those ethical standards are 
described in the Code of Conduct, which conveys Lundbeck’s commitments and the expectations to 
our employees for areas that are critical to the pharmaceutical industry and to us as a company. 

Lundbeck’s Compliance Committee, led by the Chief Financial Officer coordinated by the Chief 
Ethics & Compliance Officer, sets strategic directions for the development of Lundbeck’s global 
Compliance Program. Regional Compliance Officers, who report (dotted line) to the Chief Ethics & 
Compliance Officer, are responsible for implementing the Compliance Program in Lundbeck’s 
affiliates. Regional Compliance Committees, coordinated by the Regional Compliance Officers, are 
also established in Lundbeck’s affiliates. 

The global and local procedures around the Code of Conduct contain more operational 
requirements and good practices. Lundbeck maintains a Good Practice (GxP) quality management 
system for patient and product safety to control risks, continually improve processes, and meet 
regulatory expectations.  

Lundbeck’s Business Ethics compliance audits and monitoring efforts aim to validate the 
understanding of the requirements and capture suggestions for improvements of processes and 
controls. Lundbeck’s auditors provide feedback on corrective and preventive actions to ensure local 
management ownership and follow-up. An Audit Management Group coordinates across the 
corporate functions that are responsible for performing different types of audits. 

Lundbeck builds its governance around the principles in the Code of Conduct, which are cascaded as 
needed into manuals, guidelines, policies, and standard operating procedures. Relevant documents 
that are publicly available are referenced in these Sustainability Statements under the respective 
issues.  

Transparent interactions 
Lundbeck is committed to transparency and is a member of the European Federation of 
Pharmaceutical Industries Associations (EFPIA). Lundbeck discloses the transfers of value it makes 
to individual healthcare professionals and healthcare and patient organizations. Further information 
regarding interactions with healthcare professionals and patients, a methodological note on 
disclosures, and Lundbeck’s EFPIA Disclosure Code Self-Certification Scheme is available on 
lundbeck.com. 

 
 
 
  
  
41 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Promotional activities  
Promotion of medicinal products is strictly regulated and monitored by local authorities and industry 
associations. Lundbeck is committed to complying with applicable laws, regulations, and industry 
codes. This means maintaining processes and providing extensive training to ensure that 
promotional activities are appropriately assessed.  

The due diligence process takes a risk-based approach focusing on services and collaborations 
where the risks are most prevalent: in chemical manufacturing, customs clearance, product price 
negotiations, obtaining product marketing authorizations, organizing promotional or educational 
events, and when selling Lundbeck products. Further information regarding Lundbeck’s due 
diligence process is available on lundbeck.com. 

Lundbeck’s Promotional and Advertising Review Committee reviews and approves HQ promotional 
activities and materials produced at Lundbeck headquarters in order to ensure they comply with the 
EFPIA and IFPMA codes. Lundbeck’s affiliates are responsible for ensuring that promotional 
activities, including materials, are reviewed and approved in accordance with applicable local codes 
and rules before the materials are used within the specific local market. 

All Marketing and Medical staff are educated in Lundbeck’s Code of Conduct and in promotional 
compliance. Promotional compliance e-learning modules have been developed, and these are 
mandatory to complete for relevant employees. Corporate Compliance conducts regular audits of 
affiliate compliance including promotional compliance. 

Audits and monitoring  
Lundbeck continuously performs audit, monitoring, and control activities within compliance. Audits 
are carried out by the respective functions in accordance with the audit plan approved by the 
relevant governance bodies and stakeholders. These cover both Lundbeck’s internal processes as 
well as external partners such as suppliers. The status of completed audits and the observations 
are reported to the relevant governance and management bodies within Lundbeck, e.g. Executive 
Management, the Compliance Committee, and the Audit Committee.  

Supplier and third-party due diligence 
Lundbeck’s third-party due diligence process specifically looks at identifying and mitigating risks in 
relation to: corruption; conflict of interest; financial crime including bribery, tax evasion, and 
violations of trade sanctions; promotional misconduct; human and labor rights violations; and 
significant environmental impacts. Environmental topics - like wastewater treatment, waste 
handling, and air emissions - are always on the agenda as an integrated part of Lundbeck’s on-site 
audits of chemical suppliers. 

Code of Conduct compliance 

Unit  Scope 

2023 

2022 

2021 

Total sum of all audits 

Sum of internal audits 

Patient & product safety audits 

Health, Safety & Environment audits 

Business ethics and internal control audits 

Sum of audits of external partners 

Patient & product safety audits 

Health, Safety & Environment audits 

Third parties and supplier audits 

Compliance Hotline reports¹

Completion rate of annual Code of Conduct e-learning 

⁾

Due diligence screenings ²

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

No. 

% 

No. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

c. 

375 

164 

55 

8 

101 

211 

133 

12 

66 

105 

99.9 

227 

353 

146 

74 

7 

65 

207 

142 

9 

56 

78 

98.6 

129 

348 

210 

46 

13 

151 

138 

106 

9 

23 

21 

99.7 

N/A 

1) Compliance Hotline reports were aggregated by case prior to 2022. Reports in 2022 and 
2023 presented unaggregated. 

⁾

2) KPI added in 2022, so no 2021 numbers are available. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
  
  
  
  
    
  
  
  
  
 
 
42 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Sustainability accounting policies – definitions 

WHISTLEBLOWER SYSTEM AND OMBUDSMAN  

Patient & product safety audits 

Health, Safety  
& Environment audits 

Includes the following audit areas: Good Clinical Practice, Good 
Laboratory Practice, Good Manufacturing Practice, Good Distribution 
Practice, Medical Regulatory Clinical Quality Assurance (MRC QA), 
Pharmacovigilance Audits, Chemistry, Manufacturing, and Controls 
Quality Assurance (CMC QA), Corporate Product Quality (CPQ), and 
Animal Welfare. All audits are performed and reported by internal 
functions in Lundbeck. 

Process for verifying that our internal operations, as well as the 
operations of our suppliers and third parties, meet our expectations and 
requirements with regards to health & safety performance, human and 
labor rights performance (applicable for suppliers and third parties), and 
environmental performance. All audits are performed and reported by 
internal functions in Lundbeck. 

Business ethics and internal 
control audits 

Compliance and financial audit functions review, audit, and conduct 
monitoring activities of employees, as well as internal control 
processes. All audits are performed and reported by internal functions 
in Lundbeck. 

Third parties and supplier audits 

Third parties and suppliers are monitored and audited (based on 
contractual requirements and requirements stipulated in Lundbeck’s 
third-party obligations), including information security reviews of 
external personal data processors. All audits are performed and 
reported by internal functions in Lundbeck. 

Compliance Hotline reports 

All concerns reported through the Compliance Hotline, or other 
escalation routes, regardless of whether investigations were able to be 
substantiated. Data from 2021 is based on the aggregation of reports to 
the same specific cases. 

Completion rate of annual  
Code of Conduct e-learning 

Includes all permanent and temporary employees, excluding 
employees on leave. Calculated based on number of employees in the 
initial roll out (31 October 2023) who have completed by 14 December 
2023. 

Due diligence screenings of 
suppliers and third parties 

An examination of publicly available sources to identify potential risks 
related to potential or existing third parties. The number contains all 
screenings completed, including those found to be out of scope, or 
withdrawn by the reporter. 

Lundbeck has in place a Compliance Hotline (whistleblower system) as a secure and confidential 
reporting channel managed by an independent provider. Lundbeck has a team of qualified 
investigators, who are dedicated to handling reports and investigations. All reported concerns are 
investigated and handled in line with Lundbeck’s global procedure. Investigations are guided by 
principles that manifest Lundbeck’s beliefs, including: 

• Protection of good-faith reporters against retaliation 
• Confidentiality 
• Cooperation 
• Proportionality 
• Communication 
• Independence 

Lundbeck will not accept any retaliation or discrimination against any employee or external 
stakeholder who uses the Compliance Hotline in good faith or participates in an investigation. Any 
employee who breaches this will be subject to disciplinary actions. Lundbeck Investigators work 
with regional compliance and HR functions to conduct investigations and ensure the protection of 
whistleblowers. Lundbeck continuously works to increase visibility of the Compliance Hotline via 
internal awareness campaigns and externally on localized Lundbeck websites.  

An Ombudsman is available to employees for work-related grievances not covered by the 
Compliance Hotline. There are also channels available for reporting Adverse Drug Reactions and 
other patient and product safety-related issues and complaints, including information about 
counterfeit medicine. Please refer to the Product and Patient Safety section for more information. 

PUBLIC AND POLITICAL INFLUENCE  

Lundbeck complies with the Danish lobby code for pharmaceutical associations. Global affiliates 
follow local legislation. Lundbeck’s EU lobbying activities are registered in the official transparency 
register, and Lundbeck had no meetings registered for 2023. 

In the U.S., Lundbeck is required per federal election law to report quarterly to Congress 
(searchable through a public database) the costs associated with lobbying on behalf of Lundbeck 
(which includes consultants and trade association dues attributable to lobbying), and also disclose 
the issues lobbied on. Further, Lundbeck is required to semi-annually report to Congress and 
quarterly report to the Federal Elections Commission (searchable through a public database), a list 
of contributions made and the amounts. Contributions are not made to political parties, though 
specific individuals may be funded. 

 
 
 
  
 
 
  
43 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Lundbeck’s Animal Care and Use Committee consists of a Chair (SVP level), a researcher with 
hands-on experience, a representative from Animal facilities, laboratory animal veterinarians, a lay 
person, and an external expert in laboratory animal science. 

BOARD LEVEL COMMITTEES  

The Board of Directors has set up three committees: The Audit Committee, the Remuneration & 
Nomination Committee, and the Scientific Committee. More can be read in Lundbeck’s Statutory 
Corporate Governance Report.  

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

Lundbeck’s governance framework is based upon the recommendations issued by the Danish 
Committee on Corporate Governance and consists of rules and principles that support sustainable 
financial performance and long-term value creation for Lundbeck’s shareholders and for societies. 
More information is also available in Lundbeck’s Statutory Corporate Governance Report. 

ANIMAL WELFARE  

As part of the development of new treatments, Lundbeck is obliged to conduct tests on animals to 
ensure patients receive safe and effective medicines. Lundbeck only uses animals for research 
purposes when alternative models will not provide the data necessary to evaluate treatments for 
neurological diseases and when the benefit to patients outweighs the discomfort to the animals 
(Lundbeck Animal Ethics Policy). Lundbeck prioritizes animal welfare and is committed to the 
ethical treatment of animals used in research and adheres to best practice standards and legal 
requirements for animal testing. Lundbeck provides appropriate care for its animals and 
continuously works to improve its animal research policy and procedures as well as its animal 
facilities.  

Lundbeck’s Animal Care and Use Committee oversees all testing on animals and reviews animal 
models on a continuous basis using the principles of replacement, refinement, and reduction of 
animals (3Rs), to which Lundbeck is fully committed. Lundbeck’s expectations to employees 
seeking alternative methods for replacing and reducing animal testing is stated in Lundbeck’s Code 
of Conduct and in the Animal Ethics Policy. A Lundbeck 3Rs prize is awarded annually to 
employees that have an idea or have implemented a measure to replace, reduce, or refine the use 
of animals in testing. 

Additionally, a dedicated team of specialists is responsible for auditing and approving locations 
where testing on animals is performed on Lundbeck’s behalf. In 2023, Lundbeck conducted 26 
external animal welfare audits. All employees working with animals have appropriate and 
documented education (FELASA standards) and internal training that depends on the type of work 
being performed. Lundbeck works internally and with external partners to improve the animal 
welfare as stated in the Marseille Declaration, implements the 3Rs for continuous improvements, 
actively supports the National 3R Center in Denmark, and meets with animal welfare organizations 
regularly to discuss best practices and progress. 

 
 
 
  
 
44 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Sustainability Accounting Policies  

REPORTING PERIOD  

DATA QUALITY AND CONSOLIDATION  

All reported data are covering a full year period (1 January to 31 December 2023). The accounting 
policies have been applied consistently for all the years presented, if not otherwise stated. All KPIs 
reported in the Sustainability Report are gathered and aligned with the timeline for annual reporting 
of the financial data. 

We are committed to collecting the most accurate data possible and in order to do this, we use a 
number of data collection tools and reporting software. Nevertheless, it is not always possible to 
gain a fully aligned register of data, and estimations are sometimes necessary. The KPIs which 
necessitate the use of estimations are clearly marked within the KPI definitions, which also contain 
detailed information on how the KPI is measured and the data needed for the calculations. 

SCOPE  

There are four different scopes used for KPIs:   

a)  Production sites: Valby (DK), Lumsås (DK), Valbonne (F), and Padova (I)  
Scope a is used for indicators related to accidents with absence and accident frequency, 
environmental management, environmental incidents, VOC emissions, production of waste, and 
resource flows, as these are almost entirely related to our production sites.   

b)  Production sites: Valby (DK), Lumsås (DK), Valbonne (F), and Padova (I), and four 

additional sites: Kraków (PL), La Jolla, Deerfield, and Seattle (USA)   

Scope b is applied to indicators for the consumption of energy and scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions. 
All emissions within operational control boundaries are included within this scope, as our rented 
offices at our affiliate locations are accounted as leased assets. Note that scope 1 GHG emissions 
include emissions from our fleet of company cars worldwide, for which scope c (all sites and all 
employees) applies.   

c)  All sites and all employees    
Scope c is applied for business ethics, people and remuneration, and access to health indicators, 
as these policies and activities cover all Lundbeck employees. 

DEFINITION OF INDICATORS 

Accounting policies are stated along with the KPIs on pages 29-32, 36, 38, and 42 and are part of 
the collective Sustainability Accounting Policies. 

REVISED/NEW INDICATORS IN 2023 

Change in KPI scope 

• In 2023, the scope for the Health and Safety KPI was expanded to cover all sites and 

employees (scope c). This affects the comparability with data from 2022 and prior years. 

Restatement of data from previous year 

• In 2023 Lundbeck improved the data quality which has led to a restatement of numbers 

reported for the following KPIs: High-consequence work-related accident with absence; Scope 
1 GHGs; Scope 2 GHGs (market based); Scope 1&2 GHGs (market based); Scope 3 GHGs; 
Scope 3 GHGs: Purchased goods and services; Scope 3 GHGs: Up-stream transportation and 
distribution; Scope 3 GHGs: Business travel; Energy Consumption; Gasoil, biooil, diesel, 
solvents. 

d)  Entire business worldwide and value chain   
Scope d contains the three indicators for scope 3 GHG emissions encompassing 67% of our 
estimated total GHG footprint from our value chain, which is in line with our SBTi target for scope 3.  

New indicators  
No new indicators for 2023. 

In the event of acquisitions or divestments, Lundbeck will include or exclude any acquired or 
divested business from the following full financial year.  

 
 
 
  
 
45 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Reporting according to the EU taxonomy 

Reporting according to the EU taxonomy 
The EU Taxonomy regulation (EU 2020/825) is a science-based classification system which aims to 
create a common language to help companies and investors identify sustainable economic 
activities. Due to its pivotal role in tackling greenwashing and in promoting the transition towards a 
more sustainable economy, Lundbeck considers the EU Taxonomy to be a cornerstone regulation 
in the sustainability reporting space in the years ahead. 

In accordance with Article 8 of the EU Taxonomy and as supplemented by Annex I of the 
Disclosure Delegated Act (EU) 2021/2178, Lundbeck is required to report on the sustainability 
profile of its Turnover, Capital expenditure (CAPEX) and Operating expenditure (OPEX). This 
process entails the screening of Lundbeck’s economic activities against the activities listed within 
the EU Taxonomy’s delegated legislation (i.e. eligibility assessment), the identification of 
Lundbeck’s eligible Turnover, CAPEX and OPEX, and lastly the evaluation of compliance with the 
technical screening criteria and Minimum Safeguards, as specified in Article 3 of the regulation (i.e. 
alignment assessment).  

The results from the eligibility and alignment assessment are summarized in eligibility and 
alignment KPIs for Turnover, OPEX and CAPEX, as presented in the reporting tables at page 48, 
49 and 50, respectively. 

Eligibility assessment: 
In compliance with the regulatory timeline, Lundbeck conducted its 2022 eligibility assessment 
against the economic activities contributing to ‘Climate change mitigation’ and ‘Climate change 
adaptation’, as listed in the Climate Delegated Act (EU) 2021/2139 (Annex I and II) and the 
Complimentary Climate Delegated Act (EU) 2022/1214 (Annex I and II). 

For this reporting period, Lundbeck was required to expand the scope of its eligibility assessment to 
also include newly introduced activities contributing to ‘Climate change mitigation’ and ‘Climate 
change adaptation’ (Regulation (EU) 2023/2485) and the economic activities which contribute to the 
other four environmental objectives set out in Article 9 of the EU Taxonomy (Environmental 
delegated Act (EU) 2023/2486): 

• ‘the sustainable use and protection of water and marine resources’ (Water) – Annex I 
• ‘the transition to a circular economy’ (Circular economy) - Annex II 
• ‘pollution prevention and control’ (Pollution) - Annex III 
• ‘the protection and restoration of biodiversity and ecosystems’ (Biodiversity) - Annex IV 

Due to this being the first reporting year covering economic activities specifically relevant for the 
pharmaceutical industry (Pollution – Annex III), Lundbeck thoroughly evaluated the regulatory 
requirements and the EU Taxonomy FAQs, to design appropriate tools and methodologies to 
assess the eligibility of its Turnover, CAPEX and OPEX against the activities ‘1.1. Manufacture of 
active pharmaceutical ingredients (API) or active substances’ and ‘1.2 Manufacture of medicinal 
products’. As industry best practice evolves, Lundbeck expects to incorporate new learnings into 
future reporting. 

(a) Turnover 
As a global pharmaceutical company, Lundbeck recognizes turnover from the sale of 
pharmaceutical products (Note 2, Annual Report 2023 page 58). Accordingly, turnover eligibility 
was assessed by using an end-product approach, consisting of the identification of total turnover by 
product, the scanning of the underlying economic activities performed across each product’s value 
chain (i.e. Chemical Production, Pharmaceutical Bulk Production and Finished Goods Production), 
and lastly the mapping of the subcontractors and partners involved. 

Following this approach, Lundbeck concluded that the turnover derived from the sale of its products 
shall be considered eligible under the economic activity ‘1.2. Manufacture of medicinal products’ 
(Pollution). This conclusion is consistent with the scope of our financial reporting and in line with the 
specifications of Annex I, point 1.1.1. of the Disclosure Delegated Act (EU) 2021/2178.  

(b) CAPEX 
Lundbeck assessed the eligibility of its CAPEX by reviewing the CAPEX acquisitions in the financial 
year (Notes 6 and 7), Annual Report 2023, page 64-66).  

Upon investigating our capitalized assets and/or processes associated with Taxonomy-eligible 
economic activities, Lundbeck identified eligible projects under ‘7.2 Renovation of existing buildings’ 

 
 
 
  
46 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

(Climate change mitigation), ‘6.5 Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial 
vehicles’ (Climate change mitigation), and ‘1.2 Manufacturing of medicinal products’ (Pollution). The 
first two activities are associated with our building renovation works and Lundbeck’s fleet, 
respectively. With regards to the latter, Lundbeck identified as eligible any CAPEX projects related 
to the purchase of assets used in our pharmaceutical manufacturing activities at any of our 
production sites. 

to Article 18 of the EU taxonomy but has not performed a full-scale assessment in 2023. It should 
be noted that Lundbeck is committed to promoting business ethics, including human and labor 
rights in collaboration with business partners. Lundbeck has strong governance, management, 
monitoring, and disclosures in place for ensuring responsible business conduct, including 
maintaining an ethical culture, and prevention of corruption, unethical marketing or anti-competitive 
behavior. 

(c) OPEX 
Lundbeck assessed the eligibility of its OPEX by scanning for eligible economic activities within its 
Statement of profit or loss (Annual Report 2023, page 51) and by reviewing the detailed 
descriptions of its underlying general ledger account bookings. Based on this analysis, Lundbeck 
identified operating expenditures related to ‘7.2 Renovation of existing buildings’ (Climate change 
mitigation), ‘6.5 Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars and light commercial vehicles’ (Climate 
change mitigation), and ‘1.2 Manufacturing of medicinal products’ (Pollution).  

Future eligibility considerations 
In accordance with the regulation, Lundbeck will be reviewing its eligibility assessment on a yearly 
basis, as to integrate any additional economic activities introduced by the European Commission’s 
future delegated legislation and to reflect industry best-practice. 

In conclusion, Lundbeck has limited Taxonomy-eligible CAPEX and OPEX for ‘Climate change 
mitigation’ and ‘Climate change adaptation’, none to be reported as aligned. Lundbeck has 
Taxonomy-eligible turnover, CAPEX and OPEX for ‘Pollution prevention and control’, to be 
assessed for alignment from financial year 2024. 

. 

Sustainability accounting policies - definitions 

Alignment assessment: 
For the financial year 2023, Lundbeck is solely required to assess alignment for the economic 
activities substantially contributing to ‘Climate change mitigation’ and ‘Climate change adaptation’, 
pursuant to the Climate Delegated Act (EU) 2021/2139 and the Complimentary Delegated Act (EU) 
2022/1214.  

Turnover denominator  

‘Substantial contribution' & ‘DNSH’ criteria 
To determine alignment, we assessed the technical screening criteria for our eligible 2023 activities 
‘7.2 Renovation of existing buildings’ (Climate change mitigation) and ‘6.5 Transport by motorbikes, 
passenger cars and light commercial vehicles’ (Climate change mitigation).  

OPEX denominator 

Lundbeck was unable to gather sufficient evidence to determine alignment with the ‘Substantial 
contribution’ and the ‘Do no significant harm’ (DNSH) criteria. This is due to the need to consolidate 
and refine the available documentation and to establish more tailored processes to retrieve the 
applicable data points in the years ahead. 

CAPEX denominator 

Minimum safeguards 
Following the outcome of the technical screening criteria assessment, Lundbeck has initiated 
internal stakeholder engagements and scoping of the Minimum Safeguards requirements pursuant 

The share of turnover generated from taxonomy-eligible economic 
activities is divided by net sales. In order to determine the turnover 
generated by the Group from taxonomy-eligible economic activities, the 
Company allocates the relevant products to those underlying activities. 
This KPI is calculated through our net sales reported in our Income 
Statement (denominator) and disclosed as part of the Group’s Financial 
Statements. 

Direct non-capitalized costs recorded in the Consolidated Income 
Statement under IFRS that relate to research and development, 
building renovation measures, short-term lease, maintenance and 
repair (excluding expenses reported as raw materials and consumables 
used), and any other direct expenditures inherent in our manufacturing 
processes (included in cost of sales), relating to the day-to-day 
servicing of assets or Property, Plant, and Equipment (PPE). 

Additions to tangible and intangible assets accounted for in the 
Consolidated Financial Statements under IFRS during the financial 
year, considered before depreciation, amortization, and any re-
measurements, excluding Goodwill (included in Notes 6 and 7 in the 
Financial Statements). 

 
 
 
  
 
  
 
  
47 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

EU Taxonomy - Turnover 

Financial year N 

Year 

Substantial contribution criteria 

DNSH criteria ('Does Not Significantly Harm') (h) 

Economic activities (1) 

Codes 
(a) (2) 

Turnover  
(3) 

Proportion 
of turnover 
year 2023 
(4) 

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
5
(
n
o
i
t
a
g
i
t
i

m

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
6
(
n
o
i
t
a
t
p
a
d
a

)
7
(

r
e
t
a
W

)
8
(
n
o
i
t
u

l
l

o
P

y
m
o
n
o
c
E
r
a
l
u
c
r
i
C

)
9
(

)
0
1
(
y
t
i
s
r
e
v
i
d
o
B

i

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
1
1
(
n
o
i
t
a
g
i
t
i

m

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
2
1
(
n
o
i
t
a
t
p
a
d
a

)
3
1
(

r
e
t
a
W

)
4
1
(
n
o
i
t
u

l
l

o
P

y
m
o
n
o
c
E
r
a
l
u
c
r
i
C

)
5
1
(

)
6
1
(
y
t
i
s
r
e
v
i
d
o
B

i

m
u
m
n
M

i

i

  Proportion of 
)
7
1
(
s
d
r
a
u
g
e
f
a
s

Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) 
or eligible 
(A.2.) 
turnover, 
year 2022 (18) 

Category 
enabling 
activity (19) 

Category 
transitional 
activity (20) 

DKKm 

% 

Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL  

(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL  

(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL  

(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c) 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

% 

E 

T 

A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 

A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) 

None 

Turnover of environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 

Of which Enabling 

Of which Transitional 

0 

0% 

A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (g) 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

Manufacture of medicinal products 

PPC 1.2 

19.448 

100%  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 

EL 

N/EL  N/EL 

Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) 

A. Turnover of Taxonomy-eligible activities 
(A.1+A.2) 

B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 

Turnover of Taxonomy-non-eligible 
activities 

TOTAL 

19.448 

100% 

19.448 

100% 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

100% 

100% 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

0% 

19.448 

100% 

0% 

0% 

0% 

 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
48 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

EU Taxonomy - OPEX 

Financial year N 

Year 

Substantial contribution criteria 

DNSH criteria ('Does Not Significantly Harm') (h) 

Economic activities (1) 

Codes 
(a) (2) 

OpEx  

(3) 

Proportion 
of OpEx, 
year 2023 
(4) 

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
5
(
n
o
i
t
a
g
i
t
i

m

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
6
(
n
o
i
t
a
t
p
a
d
a

)
7
(

r
e
t
a
W

)
8
(
n
o
i
t
u

l
l

o
P

y
m
o
n
o
c
E
r
a
l
u
c
r
i
C

)
9
(

)
0
1
(
y
t
i
s
r
e
v
i
d
o
B

i

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
1
1
(
n
o
i
t
a
g
i
t
i

m

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
2
1
(
n
o
i
t
a
t
p
a
d
a

)
3
1
(

r
e
t
a
W

)
4
1
(
n
o
i
t
u

l
l

o
P

y
m
o
n
o
c
E
r
a
l
u
c
r
i
C

)
5
1
(

)
6
1
(
y
t
i
s
r
e
v
i
d
o
B

i

m
u
m
n
M

i

i

  Proportion of 
)
7
1
(
s
d
r
a
u
g
e
f
a
s

Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) 
or eligible 
(A.2.) 
turnover, 
year 2022 
(18) 

Category 
enabling 
activity (19) 

Category 
transitional 
activity (20) 

DKKm 

% 

Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL  

(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL  

(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL  

(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c) 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

% 

E 

T 

A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 

A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) 

None 

OpEx of environmentally 
sustainable activities 
(Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 

Of which Enabling 

Of which Transitional 

0 

0% 

A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (g) 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

Manufacture of medicinal products 

PPC 1.2 

3.035 

45% 

N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 

EL 

N/EL  N/EL 

Transport by motorbikes, 
passenger cars and light 
commercial vehicles 

CCM 6.5 

206 

3% 

EL 

N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 

Renovation of existing buildings 

CCM 7.2 

33 

0% 

EL 

N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 

OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) 

A. OpEx of Taxonomy-eligible activities 
(A.1+A.2) 

B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 

OpEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities 

TOTAL 

3.274 

48% 

3% 

3.274 

48% 

3% 

- 

- 

- 

- 

45% 

45% 

- 

- 

- 

- 

3.481 

6.755 

52% 

100% 

0% 

0% 

4% 

0% 

4% 

 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
49 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

EU Taxonomy - CAPEX 

Financial year N 

Economic activities (1) 

Year 

Substantial contribution criteria 

DNSH criteria ('Does Not Significantly Harm') (h) 

Codes 
(a) (2) 

CapEx 
(3) 

Proportion 
of CapEx, 
year 2023 
(4) 

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
5
(
n
o
i
t
a
g
i
t
i

m

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
6
(
n
o
i
t
a
t
p
a
d
a

)
7
(

r
e
t
a
W

)
8
(
n
o
i
t
u

l
l

o
P

y
m
o
n
o
c
E
r
a
l
u
c
r
i
C

)
9
(

)
0
1
(
y
t
i
s
r
e
v
i
d
o
B

i

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
1
1
(
n
o
i
t
a
g
i
t
i

m

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

i
l

C

)
2
1
(
n
o
i
t
a
t
p
a
d
a

)
3
1
(

r
e
t
a
W

)
4
1
(
n
o
i
t
u

l
l

o
P

y
m
o
n
o
c
E
r
a
l
u
c
r
i
C

)
5
1
(

)
6
1
(
y
t
i
s
r
e
v
i
d
o
B

i

m
u
m
n
M

i

i

)
7
1
(
s
d
r
a
u
g
e
f
a
s

Proportion of 
Taxonomy 
aligned (A.1.) 
or eligible 
(A.2.) turnover, 
year 2022 (18) 

Category 
enabling 
activity 
(19) 

Category 
transitional 
activity (20) 

DKKm 

% 

Y; N; 
N/EL 
(b) (c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL (b) 
(c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL (b) 
(c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL (b) 
(c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL (b) 
(c) 

Y; N; 
N/EL (b) 
(c) 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

Y/N 

% 

E 

T 

A. TAXONOMY-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 

A.1. Environmentally sustainable activities (Taxonomy-aligned) 

None 

CapEx of environmentally sustainable 
activities (Taxonomy-aligned) (A.1) 

0 

0% 

Of which Enabling 

Of which Transitional 

A.2 Taxonomy-Eligible but not environmentally sustainable activities (not Taxonomy-aligned activities) (g) 

Manufacture of medicinal products 

PPC 1.2 

102 

20% 

N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 

EL 

N/EL  N/EL 

Transport by motorbikes, passenger cars 
and light commercial vehicles 

Construction of new buildings 

Renovation of existing buildings 

CCM 6.5 

CCM 7.1 

9 

- 

CCM 7.2 

24 

2% 

0% 

5% 

EL 

N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 

N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 

EL 

N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL  N/EL 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

EL; 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

N/EL (f) 

CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible but not 
environmentally sustainable activities (not 
Taxonomy-aligned activities) (A.2) 

135 

27% 

7% 

A. CapEx of Taxonomy-eligible activities (A.1+A.2) 

135 

27% 

7% 

B. TAXONOMY-NON-ELIGIBLE ACTIVITIES 

CapEx of Taxonomy-non-eligible activities 

TOTAL 

366 

501 

73% 

100% 

- 

- 

- 

- 

20% 

20% 

- 

- 

- 

- 

0% 

0% 

0% 

3% 

5% 

8% 

 
 
 
  
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
  
 
 
 
50 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Management Statement 
regarding the 2023 Sustainability Report 

The Board of Directors and the registered 
Executive Management have today considered 
and approved the 2023 Sustainability Report of 
H. Lundbeck A/S for the reporting period 1 
January to 31 December 2023. 

accordance with the stated sustainability 
accounting policies, the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol guidelines regarding our carbon 
footprint, and Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 (EU Taxonomy Regulation).  

representation of the Group’s social 
responsibility and sustainability performance 
and are prepared in accordance with the stated 
accounting policies.  

The Sustainability Data in the 2023 
Sustainability Report has been prepared in 

In our opinion, the Sustainability Report 
represents a reasonable, fair, and balanced 

Copenhagen, 7 February 2024  

REGISTERED EXECUTIVE MANAGEMENT 

Charl Gerhard Van Zyl 
President and CEO 

Lars Bang 
Executive Vice President, 
Product, Development & Supply 

Joerg Hornstein 
Executive Vice President,  
CFO 

Per Johan Luthman 
Executive Vice President, 
Research & Development 

Jacob Tolstrup 
Executive Vice President,  
Commercial Operations 

BOARD OF DIRECTORS 

Lars Søren Rasmussen 
Chair of the Board 

Lene Skole-Sørensen 
Deputy Chair  

Santiago Arroyo 

Jeffrey Berkowitz 

Lars Erik Holmqvist 

Jeremy Max Levin 

Jakob Riis 

Ilse Dorothea Wenzel 

Hossein Armandi 
Employee representative 

Lasse Skibsbye 
Employee representative 

Dorte Clausen 
Employee representative 

Camilla Gram Andersson 
Employee representative 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
51 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Independent limited assurance report on the 
Sustainability Data 

TO THE STAKEHOLDERS OF H. 
LUNDBECK A/S 
H. Lundbeck A/S (‘Lundbeck’) engaged us to 
provide limited assurance on the Sustainability 
Data included in the Sustainability Statements 
on pages 29 - 44 for the period 1 January - 31 
December 2023 (the “Sustainability Data”). 

Our conclusion 
Based on the procedures we performed and the 
evidence we obtained, nothing came to our 
attention that causes us not to believe that the 
Sustainability Data for the period 1 January - 31 
December 2023 for Lundbeck are prepared, in 
all material respects, in accordance with the 
Sustainability Accounting Policies developed by 
Lundbeck as stated on pages 29 - 44 (the 
“accounting policies”).  

This conclusion is to be read in the context of 
what we state in the remainder of our report. 

What we are assuring  
The scope of our work was limited to assurance 
over the Sustainability Data included in the 
following sections: 

• Environmental management on page 29 
• Circularity - Resource flows on page 30 
• Climate and Energy on page 31 
• Access to Health on page 33 

• People on page 36 
• Health & Safety on page 38 
• Code of Conduct compliance on page 41 

We express limited assurance in our conclusion.  

Professional standards applied and level of 
assurance 
We performed a limited assurance engagement 
in accordance with International Standard on 
Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) 
‘Assurance Engagements other than Audits and 
Reviews of Historical Financial Information’ and, 
in respect of the greenhouse gas emissions, in 
accordance with International Standard on 
Assurance Engagements 3410 ‘Assurance 
engagements on greenhouse gas statements’. 
The quantification of greenhouse gas emissions 
is subject to inherent uncertainty because of 
incomplete scientific knowledge used to 
determine the emissions factors and the values 
needed to combine emissions of different 
gasses. 

A limited assurance engagement is substantially 
less in scope than a reasonable assurance 
engagement in relation to both the risk 
assessment procedures, including an 
understanding of internal control, and the 
procedures performed in response to the 
assessed risks; consequently, the level of 

assurance obtained in a limited assurance 
engagement is substantially lower than the 
assurance that would have been obtained had a 
reasonable assurance engagement been 
performed. 

Our independence and quality control 
We have complied with the independence 
requirements and other ethical requirements in 
the International Ethics Standards Board for 
Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for 
Professional Accountants (IESBA Code), which 
is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, 
objectivity, professional competence and due 
care, confidentiality and professional behavior, 
and ethical requirements applicable in Denmark. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers applies International 
Standard on Quality Management 1, ISQM 1, 
which requires the firm to design, implement 
and operate a system of quality management 
including policies or procedures regarding 
compliance with ethical requirements, 
professional standards and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements. 

Our work was carried out by an independent 
multidisciplinary team with experience in 
sustainability reporting and assurance. 

Understanding reporting and measurement 
methodologies 
The Sustainability Data needs to be read and 
understood together with the accounting 
policies. The accounting policies used for the 
preparation of the Sustainability Data are 
accounting policies developed by the company, 
which Management is solely responsible for 
selecting and applying.  

The absence of a significant body of established 
practice on which to draw to evaluate and 
measure Sustainability Information allows for 
different, but acceptable, measurement 
techniques and can affect comparability 
between entities and over time. 

Work performed 
We are required to plan and perform our work in 
order to consider the risk of material 
misstatement of the Sustainability Information. 
In doing so and based on our professional 
judgement, we:  

• Evaluated the appropriateness of the 

accounting policies used, their consistent 
application and related disclosures; 

• Made inquiries and conducted interviews 
with management with responsibility for 
management and reporting of the 
Sustainability Data to assess reporting and 

 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
52 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction   

  Access to Health     

 Business Ethics  

  Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Our responsibility 
We are responsible for: 

• Planning and performing the engagement
to obtain limited assurance about whether
the Sustainability Information for the period
1 January - 31 December 2023 are
prepared, in all material respects, in
accordance with the accounting policies;
• Forming an independent conclusion, based

on the procedures performed and the
evidence obtained; and

• Reporting our conclusion to the
stakeholders of the Company.

consolidation process, use of company-
wide systems and controls performed; 
• Performed limited substantive testing on a
sample basis to underlying documentation
and evaluated the appropriateness of
quantification methods and compliance
with the accounting policies for preparing
Sustainability Data at corporate head office
and in relation to selected reporting sites;

• Performed analytical review and trend

explanation of the Sustainability
Information; and

• Evaluated the evidence obtained.

Management’s responsibilities 
Management is responsible for: 

• Designing, implementing and maintaining

internal control over information relevant to
the preparation of the Sustainability
Information that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error;

• Establishing objective accounting policies

for preparing the Sustainability Information;
• Measuring and reporting the information in
the Sustainability Information based on the
accounting policies; and

• The content of the Sustainability

Information.

Hellerup 7 February 2024 

PricewaterhouseCoopers 
Statsautoriseret Revisionspartnerselskab 
CVR no. 3377 1231 

Lars Baungaard 
State Authorized Public Accountant 
mne23331 

Torben Jensen 
State Authorized Public Accountant 
mne18651 

53 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

Introduction         Access to Health         Business Ethics         Climate Change & Circularity         People & Communities         Sustainability Statements 

Lundbeck Sustainability Report 2023 

H. Lundbeck A/S 
Ottiliavej 9 
2500 Valby 
Denmark 

Corporate Communication & Public Affairs 
Tel. +45 36 30 13 11 
information@lundbeck.com 
www.lundbeck.com 
CVR number 56759913