FOCUS
FORWARD

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

TABLE OF CONTENTS

VISION FORWARD

4 

5 

6 

7 

8 

 LETTER FROM RYAN METZ, ESG LEADER,  
ASSOCIATE GENERAL COUNSEL

ABOUT WEST

AWARDS & ORGANIZATIONAL INVOLVEMENT

 OUR ESG STRATEGY

CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY INITIATIVE

PLANET FORWARD

10  CLIMATE STRATEGY

12  WASTE IN OPERATIONAL PROCESSES

14  R&D FOR THE ENVIRONMENT

PEOPLE FORWARD

16 

TALENT ATTRACTION

17 

TALENT RETENTION

18  DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION

20  PHILANTHROPY

PROCESS FORWARD

23  RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

24  HEALTH & SAFETY

25  QUALITY

26  COMPLIANCE & ETHICS

28  BUSINESS CONTINUITY

29  CYBERSECURITY

30  GRI INDEX 

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

2

 
 
VISION
FORWARD

Our ESG strategy is grounded by 

our purpose to improve patient 

lives and ultimately create a better, 

healthier world for generations  

to come. We are pleased to share  

the new targets we have set for 

2030 and our priorities to move 

this vision forward.

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

3

V ISI O N  FO RWA R D

FOCUSED ON OUR FUTURE

For a More Sustainable and Safer World

A   L E T T E R   F R O M
Ryan Metz
ESG Leader, Associate General Counsel

At West, each day we are focused  

on our purpose — to improve patients’ 

lives. This mindset drives everything we 

do — it is a daily commitment to sustainable 

business practices and having a positive 

impact on our communities. Improving 

lives is why we prioritize health and safety 

and offer a sense of well-being to our team 

members through a diverse and thriving 

workplace. We understand that with our 

purpose at the forefront, we are committed 

to much more — we’re improving life by 

focusing on the world around us. 

The year 2023 concluded our five-year environmental  
goals. As we look back and report on our achievement, 
we are already focused ahead on our new set of goals 
and actions through 2030, which are highlighted in 
this report. 

With the COVID-19 pandemic, the past five years 
presented unprecedented challenges to our business. 
We are still proud to play a critical role in the containment 
and delivery of COVID-19 vaccines and other life-saving 
therapies. However, the unexpected pressure on our 
operations during the pandemic caused by a historic 
increase in product demand resulted in a significant 
adjustment and unplanned increase in energy and  
water consumption. 

Despite this unplanned energy use, including additional 
energy used to support multiple manufacturing site 
expansion projects, we are happy to report that we 
exceeded our GHG emissions reduction target of 10% 
by just over 3.6% to achieve 13.6%. With 2018 as our 
baseline year, our goal was to reduce absolute emissions 
by 10%, so we exceeded our goal for 2018–2023. The 
post-COVID pandemic reduction in sales did impact our 
ability to achieve our energy efficiency target, as you 
will see detailed in this report. However, we remain 
dedicated to achieving the target and accelerating our 
progress in this area.

We are pleased that at the conclusion of 2023, West is 
78.8% landfill free, slightly below our goal of 85%, but 
committed to reach our 100% target by 2030. In addition, 
we have continued to focus on our people, and are pleased 
to report a consistent improvement in safety metrics as 
well as continuing to build our diverse workforce. 

Planet, People and Processes

While it’s important to have a retrospective outlook, the 
future actions we have set for 2030 are founded on six 
priorities identified through our strategy setting process. 
This process includes input from several key stakeholders 
including our Executive Leadership Team (ELT) and Board 
of Directors, and most importantly, our customers. As a 
result, our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
goals have cross-alignment with corporate financial goals, 
human resource priorities and value-to-customer needs.

Our Six ESG Priorities (See page 7) 

1.  Climate Strategy
2.  Waste in Operational Processes
3.  R&D for the Environment 
4.  Responsible Supply Chain
5.  Talent Diversity & Attraction
6.  Talent Engagement & Retention 

One of the most important areas of focus for West moving 
forward is on the data collection and management 
process, grounded by the Science Based Targets initiative 
(SBTi). Leveraging more data allows us to have a laser 
focus on forward-looking and quantifiable actions.  

In addition, data enables West to have more effective 
partnerships with customers, legislators and the broader 
community for sustainability and social initiatives. 
Through these partnerships, we look forward to realizing 
and delivering on opportunities for shared ESG goals. 

In addition to our six ESG priorities, we will continue 
to focus on several key areas that impact our people, 
customers and the patients that we jointly serve. These 
areas of focus include:

1.  Quality
2.  Health and Safety
3.  Compliance and Ethics
4.  Cybersecurity
5.  Risk Mitigation 
6.  Philanthropy

I am pleased to share the progress we have made and 
the direction we are taking. Our Executive Leadership 
Team and Board of Directors are committed to prioritizing 
West’s ESG performance and embedding it into our 
enterprise strategy. I am confident we have a collective 
understanding of our responsibility and the value our  
new six 2030 ESG priorities will provide. 

Our work is not yet done; there is more to assess, more 
to drive forward and more to learn. We also know there 
are likely to be unforeseen challenges, but we will always 
remain focused on the advancement of people, and a 
more sustainable and safer world.

4

2023 ESG REPORTV ISI O N  FO RWA R D

ABOUT WEST

West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. is 

a leading provider of innovative, high-

quality injectable solutions and services. 

As a trusted partner to established and 

emerging drug developers, West helps 

ensure the safe, effective containment 

and delivery of lifesaving and life-

enhancing medicines for patients. 

Every day over 10,000 team members come to 
work for West, and we are proud to be a leader for 
the next generation of advanced pharmaceutical 
packaging and delivery solutions. 

West works by the side of our customers from 
concept to patient to develop products that 
promote the efficiency, reliability and safety of  
the world’s pharmaceutical drug supply. West  
offers proprietary packaging, containment and 
drug delivery products such as:

•   Stoppers and seals for injectable packaging systems

•   Syringe and cartridge components

•   Self-injection systems

•  Containment and delivery systems

West’s Analytical Services includes extractables and 
leachables, particle analysis, and container closure 
integrity analysis. 

In addition, West’s Contract Manufacturing services 
offer healthcare partners quality, safety and 
reliability in injection molding, contract assembly 
and finished packaging services. The West Contract 
Manufacturing team serves its partners’ needs  
by providing a single-source solution from product 
conceptualization through manufacturing and  
final packaging.

Headquartered in Exton, Pennsylvania, West 
generated $2.95 billion in net sales in 2023. West is 
traded on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE: WST) 
and is included in the Standard & Poor’s 500 index. 

“ At West, we are guided by our core values of Passion for Customers, Leadership  
in Quality and One West Team — these values serve as the foundation of our  
ESG Strategy. Everything we do at West supports our promise to make a meaningful 
difference — for our team members, our communities, our customers and ultimately 
the patients who rely on our products to help them lead healthier lives. This 
unwavering focus has been a defining characteristic of West for over 100 years,  
and one that will continue to enable us to have a positive impact on our world  
for future generations.”

Eric Green  |  President, CEO and Chair of the Board

WEST FACTS

50+ / 25

50+ LOCATIONS WITH  
25 MANUFACTURING SITES

$2.95 B

IN NET SALES IN 2023

~10,000

TEAM MEMBERS GLOBALLY

5

2023 ESG REPORTV ISI O N  FO RWA R D

AWARDS & ORGANIZATIONAL INVOLVEMENT

West was honored to be recognized by a number of organizations and industry associations throughout 2023.  

These awards are a testament to West’s commitment to nurturing a culture of diversity and inclusion, offering innovative  

products and supporting the communities in which we live and work.

SUSTAINABILITY AWARDS

PHILANTHROPY AWARDS

Commitment to Sustainability Award 2023  
Invest in Ireland Awards

America’s Climate Leaders 2023  
USA Today

Partners in Philanthropy 
Philadelphia Business Journal 

Best Green Procurement Project of the Year 
National Procurement Awards 

America’s Most Responsible Companies 
Newsweek

Recognition for Corporate and Societal Excellence  
AmCham CARES

LEED Certification  
For West’s R&D Lab in Radnor, Pennsylvania

6

2023 ESG REPORTV ISI O N  FO RWA R D

OUR ESG STRATEGY

West’s 2030 targets are designed around three main categories —  
Planet, People and Process.

PLANET 
Our climate strategy goals throughout the next six years will be key drivers for West. 
Throughout our ESG report, we will share progress and aspirations to decarbonize 
operations by reducing greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) aligned with the Paris 
Agreement goal to curb global temperature rise to 1.5 degree Celsius. In addition, 
we’ll detail goals around improving energy efficiency, renewable electricity and  
water intensity reduction. 

PEOPLE
Our ESG strategy is underscored by creating a world where people are their most 
healthy and thriving. Through 2030, two of our main six priorities will be on talent at 
West; specifically, on attracting and engaging team members who are women and 
under-represented minorities. In addition, we are committed to further expansion of 
our strategic programs that position West as a global philanthropic leader. Our One 
West Team is a unified force that continues to make a difference in local communities 
through fundraising, volunteering and community grants. With deliberate initiatives 
and grants, we will deliver on our philanthropic legacy and promise of being By Your 
Side for a Healthier World™. 

PROCESS
Our ESG strategy reflects management of compliance requirements that align with 
our customers’ expectations, and our unwavering commitment to a sustainable 
future. Today, we are tirelessly working together as a collaborative team to review data 
accuracy, completeness and auditability for each of our targets and actions. Prioritizing 
the responsibility of our supply chain and exploring ESG opportunities with our 
partners also remains a key focus. 

K E Y   P R I O R ITIES

CLIMATE
STRATEGY

TALENT
ATTRACTION

F O C U S   AREAS

R&D FOR THE
ENVIRONMENT 

ENVIRONMENTAL
SUSTAINABILITY

NET

A
L
P

DIVERSITY, EQUITY 
& INCLUSION

PE

O

P

L

E

WEST 
ESG STRATEGY

2030

PHILANTHROPY

TALENT
RETENTION

WASTE IN
OPERATIONAL
PROCESSES

PROCE S S

QUALITY

HEALTH 
& SAFETY

COMPLIANCE
& ETHICS

RESPONSIBLE
SUPPLY CHAIN

7

2023 ESG REPORT 
V ISI O N  FO RWA R D

CORPORATE SUSTAINABILITY INITIATIVE

As a leading global provider of innovative solutions  

for the health care industry, we recognize the  

critical role we play in promoting sustainability and 

advancing social progress. 

We are proud to continue our steadfast commitment to the United 
Nations Global Compact’s (UNGC’s) 17 Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs).

the SDGs is rooted in our core values and reflects our  
unwavering dedication to creating a better world for current  
and future generations.

By aligning our business practices with the SDGs, we aim to 
contribute meaningfully to the global agenda for a more sustainable 
future. Through responsible operations, sustainable product 
development and strong partnerships, West strives to make a 
positive impact on society, the environment and the communities  
in which we operate. Our ongoing commitment to aligning with  

Our new corporate ESG goals, that extend to 2030, align with our 
company’s strategy and with the United Nations SDGs. Corporate  
and organizational success requires stable economies and healthy, 
skilled and educated workers, which in turn increases brand trust  
and investor support.

8

2023 ESG REPORTPLANET
FORWARD

At West, we understand building 

a better future also means being 

a steward of sustainability for our 

environment. We work tirelessly to 

identify opportunities to help our 

organization, customers, suppliers 

and communities create a more 

sustainable world and reach 

climate targets that benefit us all.

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

9

PL A N E T FO RWA R D

CLIMATE STRATEGY

Environmental sustainability is inherent 

to who we are. As a world leader in the 

design and production of containment 

and delivery systems for injectable 

medicines, West is proud of our legacy of 

innovation and how we have advanced 

health care to build a better future.  

We understand building a better 

future also means being a steward of 

sustainability for our environment. 

West continues to earn accolades and awards for 
our dedication to protecting our planet. We are 
proud to be recognized again as one of America’s 
Climate Leaders by USA Today and on America’s 
Most Responsible Companies list from Newsweek. 
In addition, West was honored regionally in Ireland 
with a Commitment to Sustainability Award  
and The Best Green Procurement Project of the 
Year for our Dublin location’s project “The Path  
to a Circular Economy.” 

2018–2023 Goals: A Recap 
Despite an unprecedented number of global capital 
expansion projects, we were able to reduce overall 
energy consumption in 2023 by 0.5%. Combined 
with this energy reduction, our continued focus 
on carbon reduction increased levels of renewable 
procured electricity to over 31%, accounting for 
19.6% of our overall energy consumption. As a 
result, we achieved a GHG emissions reduction 
of 13.6% compared to our 5-year target of 10%. 

Our drive toward renewable-sourced electricity 
allows us to move our decarbonization strategy 
forward and enables the future electrification of 
heat to reduce emissions related to natural gas 
consumption. Additionally, implementing energy 
audits and energy efficient design reviews across 
our global sites has identified several opportunities 
to continue reducing energy consumption and 
emissions in the future. 

Our energy intensity metric, which was tracking 
well at 11.9% by the end of 2022, was affected by 
a reduced production volume in 2023. This shift 
has resulted in an energy intensity improvement 
of 4.2% against our 15% target set in 2018. As the 
facility expansion projects start to operate more 
efficiently after ramp-up, we expect to see positive 
trends once again for our energy intensity metric. 
We are also in the process of reviewing multiple 
metrics of tracking our energy intensity and 
efficiency as we move into our new 2030 targets.

We continued to focus on Landfill Diversion. 
In 2023, 78.8% of our waste was diverted from 
landfill, and we will strive to be 100% landfill free 
by 2030. 

Partners in Sustainability

In addition, in 2023 we became an Official 
Sustainability Partner of the Philadelphia Eagles. 
This partnership represents a strategic approach 
by both organizations to promote environmental 
benefits, building on our established, long-standing 
commitment to sustainability and community 
development programs. The most visible and 
prominent aspect of the new partnership is the 
deployment of West’s Field Goal Forest. The Eagles 
and West will plant 20 trees for each successful 
field goal throughout the Eagles’ season, and will 
collaborate on a tree planting event. 

WEST 2030  
KEY PRIORITIES & ACTIONS

% of Waste Landﬁll Diverted From Landﬁll

100.0%

80.0%

60.0%

40.0%

20.0%

0.0%

43.0%

52.0%

77.4%

84.5%

83.0%

78.8%

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

% Landﬁll Diverted

Absolute GHG Emissions Cumulative Reduction

e
-
2
O
C
n
o
i
t
c
u
d
e
R
%
e
v
i
t
a
l
u
m
u
C

10.0%

5.0%

0.0%

-5.0%

-10.0%

-15.0%

-20.0%

100.0%

80.0%

60.0%

40.0%

20.0%

0.0%

0.0%

1.3%

0.2%

6.3%

1.9%

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

-13.6%

% Target Reduction

Absolute GHG Emissions (Metric Tons CO2-e) 
% Reduction

Electricity Sources

83.5%

16.5%

86.4%

13.6%

86.6%

13.4%

87.0%

13.0%

86.7%

13.3%

68.9%

31.1%

2018

2019

2020

2021

2022

2023

Renewable Sourced Electricity

Non-Renewable Sourced Electricity

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

10

 
 
 
PL A N E T FO RWA R D

CLIMATE STRATEGY CONTINUED

WEST 2030  
KEY PRIORITIES & ACTIONS

Looking Ahead: 2030

We continue to be aligned with the 2015 Paris 
Agreement in a commitment to do our part in 
curbing global temperature rise and have set new 
emissions reduction targets grounded in science 
through the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi). 
In addition, we are a signatory to the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD), which 
affirms our commitment to fiscal transparency, 
as well as being a leader in addressing current 
climate emergencies. We are also pursuing carbon 
offset mechanisms including Renewable Energy 
and Guaranteed of Origin Certificates, and Virtual 
Power Purchase Agreements, particularly in Europe 
where we’ve completed an extensive renewable 
energy analysis. West is also a proud member and 
active participant with the Pharmaceutical Supply

Chain Initiative (PSCI) and is a signatory of the PSCI 
Principles, aligning with their vision for excellence 
in safety, environmental and social outcomes for 
the whole of the global pharmaceutical and health 
care supply chain. 

The Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) is an 
international non-profit organization that helps 
companies disclose their environmental impact. 
West’s significant progress over recent years has 
upgraded our CDP score to a “B”, putting us on 
the path to becoming a leader on environmental 
transparency and action. We have continuously 
added greater scientific rigor and a more 
quantitative focus to our environmentally based 
targets. In addition, we are working collaboratively 
with our customers and suppliers to solve  
ESG challenges, to better align our goals and 
ensure that we are responsive to their needs.

Both quantitative and qualitative targets have 
been set, which will enable us to achieve success 
in the Environment-related priorities of our ESG 
Strategy, including Climate Strategy, Waste in 
Operational Processes, R&D for the Environment 
and a Responsible Supply Chain. These 2030 
targets include:

Each of these goals was created through input from 
internal and external stakeholders and represent 
the minimum of what West plans to achieve. We 
are fully prepared to raise our targets if completed 
analyses indicate that is required. For example, the 
SBTi roadmap will provide us with a clearer target 
once completed no later than Q1 2026.

•   Achieve 50% renewable electricity 

•   Achieve 15% energy intensity improvement

•   Reduce absolute emissions by 40% 

•   Achieve 15% water intensity reduction 

•   Eliminate 100% of operational waste to landfill

•   Partner with customers to reduce, reuse and recycle 

secondary packaging

•   Collaborate with customers to explore environmental 

improvements throughout the product lifecycle

•   Gather additional scope 3 emissions information  

from our supply chain, and develop a plan to reduce 
those emissions 

Having a mindful focus on our planet is woven 
into everything we do at West; from our global 
operations and supply chain to how we partner 
with customers and philanthropic organizations. 
We are continuously holding ourselves to the 
highest of standards when it comes to sustainability 
and being a leader of climate protection. Building 
a better future for health care, humanity and the 
planet will always be critical at West. 

“ We are proud of what West has achieved when it 
comes to safeguarding our environment, and I’m 
looking forward to the future as we set focus on the 
priorities and opportunities for the next six years.”

Tyler Werner  |  Director, ESG

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

11

PL A N E T FO RWA R D

WASTE IN OPERATIONAL 
PROCESSES

At West, it’s not just about removing waste from 

Reduce material. Reuse material.

WEST 2030  
KEY PRIORITIES & ACTIONS

landfill, it’s about finding a beneficial repurpose  

for materials. 

In 2018, we determined manufacturing waste to be material,  
and therefore set a target to be 85% landfill free by 2023.  
We are pleased to have successfully diverted 78.8% of our waste  
from landfill. Our goal is to be 100% landfill free by 2030. 

We have three main areas of priority around waste: 

•   Landfill 

•  Incineration

•  Recycling

WE ARE ACTIVELY WORKING TO FIND NEW SOLUTIONS TO REDUCE, REUSE AND RECYCLE OUR NON-HAZARDOUS MANUFACTURING WASTE.

A critical focus for us is on the reduction of scrap and other 
rubber waste as part of our manufacturing processes. Through 
our Operational Excellence Strategy, we strive for continuous 
improvement. The primary element of Cost of Poor Quality (COPQ) 
is our targeted focus to reduce the amount of scrap from our 
manufacturing sites. 

For the rubber waste that West does have, we are taking proactive 
steps to collaborate with global partners to find useful needs. 
For example, we are finding creative uses for our surplus rubber 
materials, such as repurposing it into durable pavers to enhance 
public walkways in Brazil. We have also seen success with sending 
unused rubber to a partner who has been able to downcycle  
and re-mold into consumer grade rubber products as clean  
room anti-fatigue mats.

We are in the exploratory phases of identifying other opportunities  
for reusing our unique, clean rubber, such as donating it for turf 
fields or mulching for playgrounds in our communities. In addition, 
we are assessing the use of our own grinding equipment for 
repurposing waste. The waste in large volumes is extremely heavy, 
with key manufacturing sites producing more than three million 
pounds annually. Therefore, the solutions for waste management  
are geographic, and what we learn can be applicable across sites,  
but the solutions will almost always be local.

We continue to explore opportunities for reusing our unique, clean rubber.

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

12

PL A N E T FO RWA R D

WASTE IN OPERATIONAL 
PROCESSES CONTINUED

If we can’t reduce or reuse, we’ll find a way to recycle. 

SECONDARY PACKAGING 

INTERNAL PROCESSES

As we look to the future, West is engaging with our customers to explore  
more environmentally friendly packaging alternatives. We have a short- to  
mid-term goal to improve packaging and reduce single-use plastics by 2030. 

Simple reductions can be quick, but bigger changes are more complicated. 
We seek opportunities for more recyclability packaging options with our 
customers, fostering deeper partnerships that benefit all stakeholders.  
As part of this commitment, our customers are openly invited to pilot 
projects around waste management with our team. 

As we approach legislative deadlines for waste data, we have a strong and  
ever-evolving process in place for collecting data. While we have always had 
controls and processes for data collection, we are also aiming to gather more 
granular data at the material or product level. In addition, we are investing 
in software to help manage data gathering and retention. Our goal is to be a 
leader in data management for our industry by being aware of our footprint 
and the ongoing addition of controls we have in place. 

Through 2030, we are also focused on an enhanced labeling system which 
would allow us to more appropriately and efficiently label different materials 
with recyclability logos for proper disposal. In addition, we have programs  
in place to assess new materials that could replace carbon-intensive materials. 
Waste from our own operations, waste from end-use of products and waste 
from packaging are all factors in our Life Cycle Assessment Program that 
improved data will support.

WEST 2030  
KEY PRIORITIES & ACTIONS

PERFORMANCE PLUS 
SUSTAINABILITY

In 2023, West expanded its collaboration  
with Corning® to bring sustainable 
containment solutions to the market.  
Corning® Viridian™ Vials offer the following 
benefits to manufacturers looking to bring 
performance and sustainability together: 

•   20% less glass waste-to-landfill
•   Up to 30% less CO2-e emissions
•   Up to 50% fill-finish efficiency improvement
•   Up to 96% reduction in glass particulate

Viridian™ Vials are sold exclusively by  
West Pharmaceutical Services.

2023 WASTE 
HIGHLIGHTS

78.8 %

OF OUR MANUFACTURING WASTE 
IS DIVERTED FROM LANDFILL

OUR GOAL IS TO BE

100 %

LANDFILL FREE BY 2030

28.5 M

POUNDS OF WASTE  
RECYCLED IN 2023

13

PL A N E T FO RWA R D

R&D FOR THE ENVIRONMENT

Research & Development (R&D)  

for the environment is one of the top  

ESG priorities for our customers. 

When it comes to R&D for the environment,  
West has two primary goals: 

A few topics we are examining related to the 
product lifecycle include:

WEST 2030  
KEY PRIORITIES & ACTIONS

Topics related to secondary packaging include:

•   Bio-derived poly bags

•   Alternative corrugated materials

1. 

2. 

  Collaborate with our customers to explore feasible 
and value-driven sustainability improvements 
throughout the product lifecycle.

 Partner with customers to drive innovation and 
develop new approaches for reducing, reusing  
and recycling secondary packaging.

Currently, we are working to devise quantitative 
targets, in partnership with customers, to 
understand what is achievable to develop a 
strategy, roadmap and collaborative KPIs.

•   Low-carbon aluminum

•   Bio-derived plastics for flip-off buttons and poly bags

•   Elimination of single-use packaging

•   Life Cycle Assessments (LCAs)
•   Driving emissions down to the product level

•   New product materials

•   Product take-back programs

•   Establishing more robust recycling outlets

We are collaborating with dozens of customers 
to categorize them into interest areas that align 
with these topics, and piloting projects that are 
categorized by these focus areas. 

“ I’m proud to work for a company that has such a commitment 

to sustainable business practices, and understands that 
sustainability is our responsibility for creating a better world —  
for today’s generation and the next.”

Tim Osborne  |  VP, Commercial Development

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

14

PEOPLE
FORWARD

West prioritizes people; our team 

members and the communities in 

which we work. We’re focused on 

building a diverse and inclusive 

employee experience that fosters  

a culture of giving back. Our One 

West Team is a future-focused, 

philanthropic workforce with a 

unified purpose.

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

15

PEO PL E FO RWA R D

TALENT ATTRACTION

Recruiting and Retaining Top Talent

Our priority through 2030: Increase  

the representation of women globally 

and under-represented minorities to 

better reflect community demographics. 

Building a diverse and inclusive workforce remains 
a core principle of our talent acquisition strategy. 
We utilize specific benchmarks to ensure a broad 
and representative talent pool is attracted and 
recruited. This diversity, evident across all levels 
of the organization, fosters innovative problem-
solving and well-informed decision-making, 
ultimately creating a more valuable team.

We are proud to report that we continue to take 
action and make progress to address our goals: 

1. 

  Increase our ability to attract, develop and retain 
underrepresented talent at all levels of the 
organization, with a particular focus on women

2. 

 Deepen culture competence to enhance inclusivity  
in the workplace

In 2023, we further solidified our Diversity Equity 
& Inclusion (DE&I) strategy by expanding the 
Campus & Community Ambassador program. 
These team members play a critical role in 
supporting our diversity recruitment goals. 
Through their efforts, 159 new partnerships 
were established with key organizations within 
the U.S., including the Fresh Start Women’s 
Foundation. This partnership empowers women 
by providing them a pathway towards financial 
independence within direct labor and skilled 
trades roles. Additionally, our DE&I team has 
deepened our engagement with multicultural 
student groups on campuses and through targeted 
community outreach, broadening our reach within 
underrepresented populations. Moving forward, 
we are strategically expanding our talent acquisition 
network through reinforced partnerships and  

WEST 2030  
KEY PRIORITIES & ACTIONS

new collaborations that champion diversity, 
veteran recruitment and hiring members of the  
disability community.

As a result of these ongoing efforts, 62% of new 
U.S. hires in 2023 were U.S. People of Color and 
36% of our global team members are female. These 
achievements demonstrate the effectiveness of 
our DE&I strategy and targeted outreach efforts. 
We are committed to sustaining this momentum, 
continuously striving to improve diversity and 
fostering a truly inclusive work environment. 

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

16

PEO PL E FO RWA R D

TALENT RETENTION

Our priority through 2030: Identify 

Talent Engagement & Retention

and address the root causes of gaps 

in attrition and promotion rates of 

demographic groups with significant 

gaps, and work to reduce those gaps. 

We understand that to help retain our talented 
team members, we must continue embedding 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DE&I) strategies 
across the entire Employee Experience journey.

Throughout 2023, our Employee Business 
Resource Groups (EBRGs) continued forming 
strong connections and expanding networks 
with team members around the globe, while also 
providing multiple professional development 
opportunities. As of today, our EBRG structure now 
has four groups — Women’s Initiatives Network 
(WIN), Multinational Organization Supporting 
an Inclusive Culture (MOSAIC), Veterans & Allies 
Leading for Organizational Results (VALOR) and  
the West Disability Network (WDN). 

Throughout the year, members of the West EBRG 
community held various professional development 
sessions, fireside chats and hosted guest speakers 
whose messaging focused on growth, development 
and living our values at West. Most notably,  
this EBRG revitalization has spurred an increase in  
the formation of “local” EBRG chapters at sites 
across West. 

This year also saw the successful launch and 
implementation of the Leading the One West Way 
program, an engaging learning experience that 
works to establish a consistent understanding of 
what it means to be a West people leader. Since  
its inception in mid-2023, 1,160 (over 75%) of 
global people leaders at West have completed  
the program. 

As we reflect on the initiatives and achievements, 
it’s clear that West is not only committed to but is 
actively advancing our journey toward excellence in 
DE&I. The forward momentum is driven by a belief 
in the value of every individual and the power of a 
diverse workforce to catalyze innovation, enhance 
decision-making and ultimately, drive our business 
success. Looking ahead, we are excited to deepen 
our engagement with a diverse supplier network, 
reflecting our commitment to inclusive growth 
and societal impact. Our ongoing efforts to recruit 
and retain top talent, including expanding our 
Campus & Community Ambassador program and 
reinforcing partnerships for diverse recruitment, 
underscore our dedication to building a workforce 
that mirrors the diversity of the communities  
we serve. 

WEST 2030  
KEY PRIORITIES & ACTIONS

With the successful implementation of the Leading 
the One West Way program and the expansion  
of our EBRGs, we are not only fostering a sense 
of belonging among our team members but also 
equipping them with the tools and opportunities 
for professional growth and development.

West’s continuous pursuit of excellence in DE&I 
is more than a commitment — it is a journey of 
transformative change that we are proud to lead. 
Through innovation, collaboration and a steadfast 
focus on our values, we are not just preparing 
for the future; we are actively shaping a more 
inclusive, equitable and successful future for all 
our team members. Together, as One West Team, 
we look forward to another century of excellence, 
underpinned by our unwavering dedication to 
diversity, equity and inclusion.

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

17

PEO PL E FO RWA R D

WEST FOCUS AREA

DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION

As West continues to move towards 

another 100 years of excellence, we 

reaffirm our longstanding commitment  

to employee experience, DE&I, which  

is inherent to our core value of  

One West Team.

We know that DE&I benefits the entire workforce 
and supports the overall success of our business. 
West does not tolerate discrimination or 
harassment of any team member, customer, 
or service provider because of age, race, color, 
religion, sex, ancestry, national origin, military 
service or application, marital status, citizenship 
status, physical or mental disability, genetic 
information, sexual orientation, gender identity  
or expression, or other protected characteristics 
under applicable laws. 

We are working hard to create a safe and inclusive 
environment that allows all team members to 
bring their best selves to work each day, ensuring 

that our team members across the world with 
varying life, educational, cultural and family 
experiences all have a voice. We learn and grow 
through the wide diversity of thoughts and ideas.

Building on the success of previous years,  
West’s Chief Executive Officer and Executive 
Leadership Team continue to maintain a steady 
focus on DE&I objectives, including increasing 
diversity throughout all team member levels. 
Currently, a combined 36% of West’s Board of 
Directors are women or U.S. People of Color.. In 
addition, 43% of senior leaders at West are women 
and/or U.S. People of Color.

“ West’s commitment to 

attracting and retaining 
team members from diverse 
backgrounds enables us 
to have a high performing 
One West Team. Investing 
in diversity, equity and 
inclusion is not just beneficial 
for our business; it’s essential 
for driving innovation, 
enhancing resilience and 
creating a workplace 
where everyone has the 
opportunity to thrive.”

Mana Fletcher 
Sr. Director, Human Resources

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

18

PEO PL E FO RWA R D

WEST DIVERSITY  
BY THE NUMBERS

WEST FOCUS AREA

2023 WEST 
DIVERSITY

54

DIFFERENT LANGUAGES

20

COUNTRIES WITH A  
WEST PRESENCE

10,000+

TEAM MEMBERS WORLDWIDE

34 %

OF TEAM MEMBERS WITH SCIENCE, 
TECHNOLOGY, ENGINEERING AND MATH 
(STEM) DEGREES ARE WOMEN (GLOBALLY)

SENIOR LEADERSHIP 
AT WEST

Defined as Sr. Directors and Above

43%
OF SENIOR LEADERS AT WEST ARE WOMEN  
AND/OR MEMBERS OF A HMC

29%
OF THOSE PROMOTED TO A LEADERSHIP POSITION 
WERE FEMALE AND/OR U.S. PEOPLE OF COLOR

WOMEN  
AT WEST

36%
OF OUR GLOBAL TEAM MEMBERS ARE FEMALE

36%
OF ALL GLOBAL NEW HIRES WERE WOMEN

RACE & ETHNICITY  
AT WEST

48%
OF OUR U.S. TEAM MEMBERS ARE PEOPLE OF COLOR

62%
OF U.S. HIRES IN 2023 WERE PEOPLE OF COLOR

38%
OF OUR PEOPLE MANAGERS ARE WOMEN  
AND/OR U.S. PEOPLE OF COLOR

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

19

PEO PL E FO RWA R D

PHILANTHROPY

Philanthropy continues to be one of the driving forces  

West’s charitable giving framework is separated into three tiers:

of West’s culture and our One West Team. As we look  

1. 

to the future, we are committed to further expansion  

of our strategic programs that will showcase West as  

a global philanthropic leader. In addition, we continue 

2. 

to explore opportunities to focus on ESG initiatives 

within our philanthropic partnerships. 

 Corporate Giving through direct charitable gifts made by West 
Pharmaceutical Services, Inc., and its subsidiaries. This giving is focused 
on STEM education (Science, Technology, Engineering and Math), ESG 
and Community Services, improving access to health care and research 
for people with disabilities. 

 Foundation Giving through the Herman O. West Foundation, which 
is focused on West’s Scholarship Program, the Employee Emergency 
Fund, Employee and Campaign Matching, and Dollars for Doers, which 
encourages employee volunteerism. 

3. 

 Employee Giving through our West without Borders* campaigns,  
which supports our annual global giving campaigns, food drives,  
local campaigns and global volunteerism. 

In 2023, larger impact strategic programs were introduced in Europe 
with major grants focused on Diabetes/Obesity research and care.  
In addition, we implemented new programs in Singapore focused 
on waterways waste reduction.

WEST FOCUS AREA

Our Corporate Giving donations totaled $2.75 million, with  
over $1 million of grants focused on cancer research and support, 
manufacturing readiness and STEM education, DE&I and 
scholarships.

Additionally, our team member volunteerism almost doubled 
from 2022, resulting in nearly 4,700 hours (about 6 and a half 
months) donated by team members to charities in West communities. 
In the Americas (US), our partnership with the Philadelphia Eagles 
focused on sustainability, which will continue throughout 2024  
and beyond. 

As we begin our next century in business, philanthropy and 
community involvement will continue to be a focus, driving our  
One West Team forward in making a meaningful impact in our  
global communities.

“ I’m grateful to work for a company that is so committed to philanthropy.  
Through the giving of our time and resources, we not only have the 
opportunity to enrich our communities and have a positive impact on  
the world around us, but importantly also nurture a culture of 
compassion, collaboration and lasting change.”

Raquel Checon  |  Sales Associate, Brazil

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

20

* West without Borders is not affiliated with Doctors Without Borders®, which is a registered service mark of Bureau International de Médecins Sans Frontières.

PEO PL E FO RWA R D

PHILANTHROPY CONTINUED

WEST FOCUS AREA

2023 CHARITABLE HIGHLIGHTS

ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE

33

CHARITIES SUPPORTED  
THAT FOCUS ON PEOPLE  
WITH DISABILITIES

>85

GRANTS PROVIDED THAT FOCUS 
ON ACCESS TO HEALTH CARE

19 %

INCREASE IN TEAM MEMBER 
GIVING OVER PRIOR YEAR

ESG

Fox Chase Cancer Center Mobile Screening Van 
Began Q1 2024 across the greater Philadelphia area in underserved communities. 

Unite for Her 
Funded expansion into reservation clinic near our Arizona plants — the first of its kind 
cancer support service. Received Corporate Partner Award for 2023. 

21

SCHOLARSHIPS AWARDED 
THROUGH THE HERMAN O. WEST 
FOUNDATION

27

EMERGENCY/HARDSHIP GRANTS  
THROUGH OUR EMPLOYEE  
EMERGENCY FUND

>$4.3 M

IN CORPORATE, EMPLOYEE & 
FOUNDATION CHARITABLE GIVING

Field Goal Forest Partnership With the Philadelphia Eagles 
The Eagles and West will plant 20 trees for each successful field goal throughout the 
Eagles’ season, resulting in 600 trees being planted in 2024.

Watchways Water 
Major support initiative in Asia Pacific providing ESG in-school education, plus 
volunteer days with students and West employees to clean up community waterways. 

99 %

INCREASE IN DOLLARS  
FOR DOERS VOLUNTEER  
HOURS OVER 2022

~4,700

DOLLARS FOR DOERS  
VOLUNTEER HOURS 

PEOPLE WITH DISABILITIES

Diabetes Association of Ireland 
Implemented strategic funding program focused on childhood obesity, part  
of which is bringing the popular DigiBete app into Ireland — provides education  
and direct connection of patients to diabetes clinics throughout the country. 

COMMUNITY

American Red Cross 
West became a National Home Fires Campaign partner, providing major community 
support during emergency events throughout the United States. 

21

2023 ESG REPORTPROCESS
FORWARD

West is increasing responsibility 

and value within our supply chain 

and overall operations. Our future 

will center on improved supplier 

diversity, increased health and 

safety for team members, a 

continued prioritization of quality, 

adherence to our Core Values,  

and ensuring business continuity.

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

22

PROCE SS FO RWA R D

RESPONSIBLE SUPPLY CHAIN

When it comes to West’s supply chain 

processes, we are currently working 

toward including a set of ESG-related 

standards within a significant  

portion of our current, and all future, 

supplier contracts. 

The key actions for responsible supply chain 
management include:

 Work to establish ESG standards for suppliers.

1. 
2.  Improve how we quantify scope 3 emissions.
3. 

 Ensure supplier diversity (partner for good quality, 
reduce risks and have backups). 

Scope 3 emissions are an important focus of 
our emissions reduction strategy. While our 
targets can change over time, one of the biggest 
priorities for setting supplier contract standards 
is ensuring we are gathering additional scope 3 
emissions information related to transportation, 
carbon elements and raw materials. Then, with key 
suppliers we will develop plans to reduce these 
emissions. We are also modifying supply chain 
processes to create more diverse slates, ensure 
supplier diversity and reduce costs while increasing 
quality of suppliers.

Last year, we captured scope 3 emissions for the 
first time and reported these in detail within our 
Carbon Disclosure Project (CDP) report. 

Supplier Diversity

In 2023, our commitment to addressing critical 
ESG issues led us to recognize the need for a 
heightened emphasis on supplier diversity within 
our operations. Recognizing the vital role that a 
varied and inclusive supply chain plays in reflecting 
the demographic diversity of our customer base, 
we aim to increase our efforts to foster connections 
with suppliers from a broad array of backgrounds 
and experiences. This initiative not only enhances 
our ability to meet and surpass customer 
expectations through innovative solutions and 
services but also strengthens our business 
resilience and competitive edge.

WEST 2030  
KEY PRIORITIES & ACTIONS

Our strategic focus on supplier diversity is more 
than a business imperative; it’s a reflection of our 
dedication to driving positive societal impact and 
promoting equality and inclusiveness across the 
global communities we serve. By actively seeking 
out and partnering with businesses from a broad 
array of backgrounds and experiences, we hope to 
foster and advance a broader sense of social equity. 

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

23

PROCE SS FO RWA R D

HEALTH & SAFETY

WEST FOCUS AREA

Safety is an essential and fundamental 

part of our One West Team core value, 

which means we take responsibility 

for the health and safety of our team 

members. This value and commitment to 

safety is integral and complementary to 

our commitment to ESG and our pursuit 

of sustainable business practices. 

At our sites, we focused on reducing the risk of 
incidents, injuries and exposure to health hazards 
for all team members, visitors and contractors, and 
we designed operating protocols for our facilities 
to provide a safe and healthy work environment. In 
addition to the Company’s responsibilities in safety, 
importantly, we also work hard to cultivate our 
culture of safety, where every team member has a 
shared responsibility for and is engaged in safety. 

In 2023, we remained steadfast in our relentless 
approach to safety, and that resulted in positive 
success in almost every measurable aspect of 
safety. Throughout the year, we further enhanced 
our focus on our proactive approach to safety, 
especially on the prevention of serious events and 
injuries. A serious event is one that, if conditions or 
outcomes had been slightly different, could have 
had a lasting impact on the team member. 

The prevention of serious injuries is accomplished 
through the proactive elimination of hazards, 
finding safer alternatives, using engineering 
controls to minimize the probability and severity 
of incidents, improving processes and through 
positive changes in behaviors/choices. This takes a 
cross-functional and coordinated group effort, from 
our newest team member on the production floor, 
to our senior leadership team. This focus resulted in 
West achieving a 21% decrease (i.e., improvement) 
in our 2023 Serious Injury Rate (SIR) as compared 
to our baseline year in 2022. 

Our team members continued to be fully engaged 
in the safety process, and in 2023, more than 
35,000 See-Do-Say submissions were entered by 
our team members across our global network of 
sites. This proactive hazard identification program 
promotes team members’ ability to recognize 
workplace hazards and provides an outlet for them 
to take ownership in taking immediate action to 
mitigate that risk and/or report it to their supervisor. 

To help drive accountability, awareness and 
ongoing education, we continued to hold our 
annual global Safety Week, which saw high 
engagement and participation at our sites. 
Although safety is a focus all year long, this 
dedicated week gave the opportunity to target 
several key safety-related topics, including 
Ergonomics, Power Industrial Truck (PIT) safety and 
Emergency Preparedness and Safety at Home. 

Safety Callouts

•   21% decrease in SIR compared to 2022

•   More than 35,000 See-Do-Say Submissions entered 

by our team members across our global sites 

•   52 Safety Impact Awards given to recognize our team 

members’ outstanding commitments to safety

•   Our focus on PIT safety resulted in the training of  

over 2,000 PIT operators

•   With a continued focus on leading indicators,  

96% of investigations for serious incidents were 
closed within the goal of 7 shift days 

“ As a production operator, I see firsthand the potential safety hazards 
we face every day in operations. I have loved ones counting on me  
to get home safely each day, so I am committed to holding myself and 
those around me accountable to think and act safely in all we do.”

Devin Campbell  |  Westar Operator, Jersey Shore, PA

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

24

PROCE SS FO RWA R D

QUALITY

Leadership in Quality is one of West’s 

Core Values, serving as a cultural north 

star across all areas of our business. 

Our team members are trained to 

consider quality each day, in every step 

of every process. As millions of people 

globally rely on West’s products, never 

compromising on quality is a constant 

focus of ongoing training, auditing and 

process development. 

WEST FOCUS AREA

During our Annual Global Quality Week, our team 
members were educated on the importance of 
being proactive versus reactive when it comes to 
quality; working to control situations and identify 
future problems as opposed to acting in response. 
Team members across all areas of the business 
participated in the interactive, educational Quality 
Week, with sessions held at West’s Corporate 
Headquarters, virtually and at manufacturing sites 
across the globe.

Quality Highlights From Across  
the Business

CONTRACT MANUFACTURING & DEVICE 
•   We saw a 5% decrease in Out of Specification 

complaints from 2022 to 2023.

•   Root Cause Training was rolled out globally to support 

our proactive approach to quality.

CONTAINMENT
•   We saw a 6% improvement in final reject rates for 

elastomer manufacturing in 2023 compared to 2022.

•   Out of Specification customer complaints were 
reduced by 28% in 2023, compared to 2022.

is best positioned to be a partner to help our 
customers deal with these new requirements. 

SUPPLIER QUALITY

•   We established new Supplier Quality processes 
to proactively drive quality at the supplier level 
by defining clearer raw material and component 
requirements and more thorough process  
validations at suppliers.

•   We realized a 19% reduction in Supplier Corrective 

Action Requests (SCARs) in the period of May through 
December of 2023 (since we began measuring). 

Annex 1

The 2023 European Good Manufacturing Practice 
(GMP) Annex 1 revision is causing a major shift in 
drug manufacturing. The regulations have more 
than tripled in length with this revision, and they 
contain over 30 references to primary packaging 
materials alone. This evolving regulatory landscape 
requires West’s customers to ensure they are 
working with a true expert who can help them 
navigate the new legislation. We believe West 

European Union’s (EU) GMP Annex 1 provides 
technical guidance on the principles and 
guidelines for sterile injectable drug products 
for human use and veterinary use. The revision 
mandates a holistic Contamination Control 
Strategy in which companies will need to establish 
and document a process to identify and assess  
risks and define actions to prevent contamination  
of sterile products. 

Producing high-quality, ready-to-use packaging 
components has always been a strength of West, 
and our customers are leveraging our capabilities 
to support their Contamination Control Strategy, 
especially as it pertains to this new legislation.  
Our Quality teams are working directly with  
other parts of the business to ensure that West’s 
global Contamination Control Strategies support 
our customers’ ability to comply with the new 
Annex 1 guidelines. 

“ All employees are expected to speak up if they have  
quality concerns and are empowered to stop the production  
line if something doesn’t look right.”

Brian Motter  |  VP, Quality Operations, Drug Delivery Devices

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

25

PROCE SS FO RWA R D

COMPLIANCE & ETHICS

WEST FOCUS AREA

At West, we hold ourselves accountable 
to the highest standards of integrity 
and respect — for our team members, 
customers and the patients whom we 
ultimately serve.

Each West team member is responsible for 
ensuring we are fully compliant with the West 
Code of Conduct (“Code”) and adhering to our 
Core Values. The Code, which is available in 
multiple languages on Westpharma.com and 
West’s company intranet, underpins our approach 
to always operating with the highest integrity.

In 2023, we were pleased to release an updated 
and refreshed Business Partner Code of Conduct 
for our customers, suppliers and partners. The 
updated Business Partner Code of Conduct 
emphasizes our key principles and expectations of 
ethical business conduct, including environmental 
responsibility, fair trade, human rights, quality 
and transparency of supply chain, and other key 
business practices. 

We also overhauled the Global Compliance Risk 
Assessment & Mitigation Planning (RAMP)  
in 2023 by leveraging advanced information 
technology systems and prior regional assessments. 

This has resulted in an actionable data driven plan 
for communication, education and monitoring for 
2024 and beyond.

In addition, West actively promotes open 
communication at all levels of the organization 
by providing the following avenues for team 
members to raise questions or report their 
concerns without fear of retaliation:

•   A manager or shift supervisor

•   Any company manager

•   Any member of Human Resources or Quality

•   Any member of the Business Compliance &  

Integrity Team

•   Any member of the Law Department

•   Integrity Helpline (www.west-helpline.com or  

1-800-461-9330)

In November 2023, West held its annual 
Compliance and Cybersecurity Awareness Week, 
with the theme of Awareness, Recognition  
and Reinforcement, which highlighted these 
important topics:

•   Awareness about the updated Business Partner Code, 
West’s Business Compliance & Integrity program,  
and Speak-Up at West — a program that reinforces  
the importance of speaking up when something  
does not look right.

•   Recognition of Data Privacy and Cybersecurity —  
featuring a dedicated session on Phishing and  
online safety.

•   Reinforcement of West’s annual Code of Conduct  

and Mutual Respect training requirements.

While we reinforce Compliance throughout the 
year, Compliance and Cybersecurity Awareness 
Week gives us the opportunity to drive awareness 
on ways to protect West, ensure each team member  
understands the importance of protecting West 
and reinforces organizational commitment to 
operating with integrity.

“ Empowering everyone at West with compliance and data integrity knowledge  
is integral to our success as an organization. I’m proud of what we’ve achieved  
by putting strong effort into global training and awareness programs, and  
what more is to come. West truly believes in how this will propel us forward.”

Jen Leck  |  Senior Manager, Business Compliance & Integrity

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

26

PROCE SS FO RWA R D

COMPLIANCE & ETHICS CONTINUED

WEST FOCUS AREA

Data Privacy

West takes its critical responsibility to secure the 
personal data of its customers, team members 
and other stakeholders very seriously. We have 
programs and processes in place to maintain 
adherence to all applicable data privacy 
regulations, including the European Union’s 
General Data Protection Regulation, the California 
Consumer Privacy Act, the Personal Information 

Protection Law and many others throughout the 
world. The number of jurisdictions where data 
privacy laws have been or will be implemented 
is constantly increasing. West is committed to 
protecting personal data and is dedicated to 
its data privacy program and educating team 
members on protecting against cyber threats.

Compliance Oversight

The West Business Compliance Committee 
(WBCC), chaired by West’s Chief Compliance and 
Privacy Officer and comprised of West’s Executive 
Leadership Team and the Head of Internal Audit, 
continue to provide strategic direction for our 
Compliance and Data Privacy programs and ensure 
regular reporting to the Audit Committee of our 
Board of Directors. With guidance from the WBCC, 

our business teams support our global Compliance 
structure and its corresponding policies and 
procedures to support our team members in acting 
ethically in accordance with West’s high standards.

Additional information about the Business 
Compliance and Integrity program is available on 
our website. 

27

PROCE SS FO RWA R D

BUSINESS CONTINUITY

WEST FOCUS AREA

West’s Business Continuity and 

Resilience Team is integral to our 

operations, proactively collaborating 

with manufacturing sites to significantly 

enhance our operational health and 

resilience. These strategic engagements 

are designed to fortify our ability to 

deliver high-quality products reliably 

during disruptions or crises, underscoring 

our commitment to maintaining 

our global health care supply chain 

responsibilities.

Building on this foundation, our Business 
Continuity Management Program protects our 
team members, customers and corporate assets 
while minimizing financial, legal, reputational  
and strategic risks. Our comprehensive  
strategy includes: 

•   Detailed risk assessments

•   Continuous monitoring

•   Business impact analyses

•   Response and recovery strategies

•   Specialized training programs

•   Designated incident response and crisis  

management teams to ensure our readiness  
and agile response capabilities

We engage with a broad spectrum of stakeholders, 
including customers, suppliers and recognized 
business continuity and disaster recovery 
organizations to ensure our resilience efforts align 
with the latest industry standards and best practices. 

Furthermore, our program aligns with ISO 22301 
standards, among other regulatory requirements, 
with executive leadership providing global, regional 
and local sponsorship and governance.

Through meticulous planning, targeted training, 
and the precise execution of our continuity 
strategies, we have effectively mitigated potential 
impacts to our global manufacturing and supply 
chain operations. For instance, natural disasters, 
geopolitical tensions, physical and technological 
disruptions have had no material impact on our 
operations. A proactive and adaptive approach 
ensures uninterrupted operations and underscores 
our dedication to mitigating business risks and 
impacts across all facets of the organization.

“ Business Continuity  

is not just a plan, 
but a promise to 
persevere, adapt, and 
thrive no matter  
the challenge ahead.”

Keith Frederick 
Director, Global Business Continuity

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

28

PROCE SS FO RWA R D

CYBERSECURITY

WEST FOCUS AREA

At West, safeguarding our critical 

infrastructure and the data of our 

customers and stakeholders is 

paramount. Our ongoing cybersecurity 

initiatives are designed to fortify  

our defenses, educate internally and 

mitigate risks effectively. 

We enforce rigorous security measures to prevent 
unauthorized access and transfer of sensitive 
information, ensuring the confidentiality of West’s 
data. In addition, we continuously focus on internal 
training and education to ensure the preparedness 
of our team members.

Our key infrastructure and cybersecurity initiatives 
have focuses on:

•   Data Loss Prevention (DLP) — enforce security 

and compliance on all managed devices, prevent 
exfiltration of sensitive data and block unauthorized 
transfer of West confidential and proprietary data.

•   Automated Asset Detection and Management —  
deploy automated tool to manage IT assets with 
traceability, improve lifecycle management and 
accelerate incident response.

•   Global Cybersecurity Awareness Program  
(Phishing) — establish a robust Cybersecurity 
Awareness Program to improve user awareness  
and behavior, evaluate progress and areas  
for improvement. 

By leveraging automated tools, we manage IT 
assets efficiently, enhancing traceability and 
accelerating incident response. Additionally, we’ve 
implemented a robust program to enhance user 
awareness and behavior, continuously evaluating 
progress for further improvement.

We have upgraded our network security 
capabilities, enhanced network segmentation,  
and strengthened our defenses. Specifically,  
we ensured endpoint security coverage with 
endpoint malware and virus protection software. 
We utilize DLP to monitor and enforce policies  
to prevent sensitive data from being accessed, 

transferred, or leaked. Additionally, servers and 
workstations were fortified to minimize exposure 
and vulnerabilities.

Content enhancements were made to our security 
awareness training, emphasizing the importance 
of regular training sessions to ensure maximum 
global awareness. Each year, we launch an internal 
Cybersecurity Awareness Campaign globally  
to reinforce key messages around cybersecurity. 
West team members are required to complete 
various trainings on cybersecurity upon hire and 
on an annual basis, including internally developed 
cybersecurity training, anti-phishing training and 
general information security trainings, all of which 
are provided in multiple languages. 

As we continue our commitment to cybersecurity, 
we ensure the safety and integrity of West’s 
operations and data.

“ In today’s digital age, safeguarding data isn’t only about 
protecting our information; it’s about safeguarding the  
trust of our customers, the reputation of our brand and  
the future of our business.”

Brad Gasser  |  Sr. Solutions Architect, Cybersecurity

Alignment with UNGC Sustainable Development Goals

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

29

PROCE SS FO RWA R D

GRI INDEX

Year

2022

2023

Year

GRI 302-1 ENERGY WITHIN THE ORGANIZATION2,3

Thermal Fuel consumption by type (non-renewable)

Scope 1 (Thermal) (kWh)

Electrical Energy Consumed (non-renewable)

GRI 305-4 GHG EMISSIONS INTENSITY2,3

Emissions Intensity

173,094,967 

 170,102,705

GRI 305-5 REDUCTION OF GHG EMISSIONS2,3

Procurement of Green Energy (Metric Tons CO2-e)

Scope 2 (Generator Distillate Fuel Oil 4) (kWh)

830,789 

702,854

(Scope 1) Energy Management / Facilities Projects

Scope 2 (Electrical) (kWh)

Energy Consumed (renewable)

Solar Energy Scope 1 Consumed (kWh)

252,989,034 

 201,570,312

(Scope 2) Energy Management / Facilities Projects

14,775 

 11,532

GRI 306-3 WASTE GENERATED3

Total

2022

2.62

10,377 

167 

416 

10,960 

2023

 2.43

 29,678

 397

 140

 30,125

Scope 2 (Electrical) Purchased Renewable (kWh)

38,739,656 

90,984,029

Total Weight of Waste Generated (lbs.)

45,351,991

 45,667,996

Total Energy Consumption (kWh)

GRI 302-3 ENERGY INTENSITY2,3

Energy Intensity Factor

465,669,221 

463,371,432

GRI 306-4 WASTE DIVERTED FROM DISPOSAL2

9.94 

 10.81

GRI 303-3 WATER WITHDRAWAL2

Total Weight of Waste Diverted From Disposal (lbs.)

37,620,176

 36,004,067

GRI 302-4 REDUCTIONS ACHIEVED AS A DIRECT RESULT OF CONSERVATION AND EFFICIENCY INITIATIVES2,3

Total Water Withdrawal (Gal.)

314,676,7445

 360,355,858

Scope 1 (Gas/Oil) (kWh)

Scope 2 (Electrical) (kWh)

Total Reductions in Consumption (kWh)

GRI 305-1 DIRECT (SCOPE 1) GHG EMISSIONS2,3

Scope 1 (Gas) (Metric Tons CO2-e)

GRI 305-2 INDIRECT (SCOPE 2) GHG EMISSIONS2,3

Scope 2 (Generator Distillate Fuel Oil 4) (Metric Tons CO2-e)

Scope 2 (Electrical) (Metric Tons CO2-e)

Total CO2 Emissions (Metric Tons CO2-e)

950,209 

1,666,606 

2,616,815 

2,194,350

GRI 403-9 WORK RELATED INJURIES2

301,331

The number of fatalities as a result of work-related injury

2,495,681

The rate of recordable work-related injuries

0

0.67

0

 0.74

31,371 

 30,828

224 

91,339 

122,934 

 189

 73,173

 104,190

1  All information reported is believed accurate at the time of inclusion and based upon assumptions, most of which are described in this report.  
Prior year data may be updated with new information but the impacts are immaterial unless specifically noted in the report.
2  West’s baselines are based on 2018 Scope 1&2 Energy consumption data and 2018 absolute CO2 emissions. This baseline was chosen as 2018  
is the starting year of the 5-year goals with the most up-to-date and accurate information to help establish a firm baseline.
3  Based on availability of data and the way West manages its business, some West locations may be excluded. Any exclusions contained within  
this report are not believed to have a material impact.
4  Emission factors conversion source: The Climate Registry, U.S. EPA, USA EPA egrid, International Energy Agency (IEA).
5  In 2023, we reviewed data controls and processes. After careful review, we are now updating reported 2022 water withdrawal figures to reflect  
any necessary changes.

2 0 2 3   E S G   R E P O R T

30

 
 
 
West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.
530 Herman O. West Drive
Exton, PA 19341 USA

610.594.2900
www.westpharma.com

Copyright © 2024 West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.

All trademarks and registered trademarks used in this report are the property of West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc  
or its subsidiaries, in the United States and other jurisdictions, unless noted otherwise.

11769 • 0624