Enabling a Healthier World Sustainability Report 2023
Sustainability Report 2023 Contents Contents 4 Our Commitment 16 Responsibility 30 Environmentto Sustainability 16 Risk Management 31 Energy 5 Our Journey 24 Anti-Bribery and 32 Water 9 About Us Anti-Corruption 34 Greenhouse Gas 14 Our Stakeholders 25 Supply Chain Emissions Responsibility 38 Waste 40 Ecosystems and Biodiversity 41 Innovating for Sustainability 42 People and Society 52 Appendix 42 Occupational Health 52 About the Reportand Safety 53 GRI and SASB Index 45 Diversity and Equal 59 TCFD Index Opportunity 60 Swiss Non-Financial 46 Investing in our People Reporting Requirement 48 Investing in Index Communities 63 Assurance Statement Sections that are covered by the requirements of Art.
964 bof the Swiss Code of Obligations and the limited assuranceengagement covering the disclosures on non-financial matters inaccordance with Art.
964 b of the Swiss Code of Obligations.Disclosures covered by the limited assurance engagementcovering Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) requirements and Lonza internally developed KP Is.2 3
Sustainability Report 2023 Our Commitment to Sustainability Our Commitment Our Journey Safety and sustainability are essential to how we operate.
Into Sustainabilitythis report, we share an overview of our performance relatingto our commitments and relevant sustainability topics for ourbusiness and our stakeholders.We have grouped our sustainability initiatives around the materialtopics and the United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SD Gs).
The SD Gs provide a global blueprint to achievea better and sustainable future, which businesses can utilize tofocus their activities and enhance their impact.
We have aligned Our two newly-signed Power Purchase Agreements will our activities to the seven SD Gs that relate most closely to ourprovide renewable energy equal to our electricity needs across material topics (see GRI Index in the Appendix) and global needs.Switzerland, the European Union and China.
This supports our This Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) frameworkambition to purchase all electricity from renewable sources enables us to create a meaningful sustainability strategy andwhere available by 2025, and it is a major step forward for our program which is relevant to our business, society and planet.carbon reduction strategy.
Like a compass, it guides us on our journey to implementingrobust action plans for the mid- and long-term, while integrating Our Responsible Sourcing initiative was strengthened through the existing initiatives.
The success of our ESG program dependsupdate of our Supplier Code of Conduct to include assessments on individual and collective commitment as a pre-requisite ofon child labor and conflict minerals in the supply chain.
We our success.also launched a Supplier Decarbonization program to reduce Scope 3 emissions and continue to engage with suppliers to Each of our priority SD Gs has been directly assigned to andrive improvements and share best practice.
Executive Committee (EC) member who - in turn - is supportedby a Program Manager to initiate and execute an effective Dear Stakeholders, We work to create an inclusive environment for our diverse cross-functional program built around each goal.
Since 2022,workforce centered around our respect for human rights, and put executive compensation and global performance-based rewards Our long-term commitment to sustainable business supports our people at the heart of our business.
In 2023, we established have been aligned with our SD Gs and related metrics.
Forour purpose to enable a healthier world.
Sustainability is an a central platform of training opportunities to enhance visibility more information, please see the Remuneration section of ourimportant strategic priority for our business, and a collective and access for all our colleagues.
To promote gender equality, Annual Report.responsibility shared by our global community.
In this report, we devised a multi-year roadmap to build a strong pipeline ofwe share an overview of our sustainability initiatives alongside women leaders to support sustainable representation of womenan update on progress throughout 2023. in leadership by 2035.We have structured our approach to sustainability by focusing We continue to support local communities through science days,on the seven United Nations Sustainable Development Goals volunteering in education and training, and donations to non-(SDG) that are most relevant to our business.
Topics range from profits and educational institutions.
A significant contribution toenergy and water actions, to people development, gender community engagement programs comes from our colleaguesequality and customer satisfaction.
Each SDG is assigned to who volunteer to support local projects.
We allocate one fulla member of our Executive Committee and a Senior Program working day for employees to volunteer in their local community Manager, who are responsible for driving improvements across each year.our business.
Following this approach, in 2023 we achievedseveral milestones as we continued to make progress towards Responsibility and integrity are key considerations in all thatour sustainability targets.
we do.
Looking ahead to 2024, we will continue to focus onbuilding momentum across our sustainability initiatives and In pursuit of our ambition to achieve net-zero by 2050 or earlier, strive to deliver long-term value, economically, environmentallywe developed a comprehensive climate plan to reduce Scope and socially.1 and 2 emissions by more than 40% by the end of 2030. Thisplan combines elements such as green electricity, efficiency Best regards,projects, and new low emission assets.
We signed a letter of Albert meter.
Baehnycommitment and submitted our targets to the Science Based Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer Targets Initiative (SB Ti).
(CEO) ad interim 4 5
Sustainability Report 2023 Our Commitment to Sustainability Our Sustainability Framework Interpreting the Seven SD Gs Enabling a Healthier World in a Sustainable Way Good Health and Wellbeing: We enable a healthier Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure: We driveworld by collaborating with our customers to produce the development of game-changing technologies,Integrity Vision ZERO: We continuallypatient treatments.
We also pursue our vision to including gene editing and automated therapy Inclusion improve our systems and aspirebring any therapy to life with new products, services manufacturing systems.
This supports innovation in Innovation to ZERO incidents, injuries andand cutting-edge manufacturing technologies.
our customer industries for the benefit of patients and Initiative environmental footprint.The safety and wellbeing of our global colleague society.
Sustainability is embedded into our organic Our Environment: We strive tocommunity also represents a top priority across growth and footprint expansion during ideation,continually reduce emissions,our global network.
design, construction and operation.
Sustainableenergy, water and material Design Standards provide a framework to helpintensity.Climate Action: Greenhouse gas (Greenhouse Gas) emissions us reduce energy and water consumption, Greenhouse Gas Service Compliance and Integrity: We contribute to global warming, affecting the climate emissions, and waste production across growth Scope ensure that legal compliance, and impacting the health of people and planet.
We assets.
This will support us in achieving our ambition Sustainability: Delivering integrity and ethical conduct are are taking decisive steps to reduce our Greenhouse Gas emissions to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions by morelong-term value, economically, the foundations in every place we in pursuit of our ambition to reach net-zero by than 40% by the end of 2030.environmentally and socially operate.
2050. In 2023, we committed to the Science Based Solutions Our People: We develop our Targets Initiative (SB Ti), and we signed a ten-year Responsible Consumption and Production: We Speed employees by helping them grow.
virtual power purchase agreement for a new solar source materials from responsible suppliers that We provide safe workplaces,field which will match our electricity needs across meet strict compliance standards and have actioncare for employees' well-being Switzerland and the European Union.
We also have plans in place to reduce their emissions, waste andand foster their involvement and Values secured a renewable power purchase agreement in natural resources, alongside climate action plans thatparticipation.China together with four global pharma companies, support our Scope 3 SB Ti target proposal.
Our Supplier Value for Society: We createwhich will cover our whole electricity consumption Code of Conduct integrates all environmental and Strategic value for society by innovatingin this region.
compliance requirements, and we conduct in-depth Priorities and delivering science-based risk assessments that include due diligence on childsolutions to enable a healthier Gender Equality: A diverse global colleague com- labor and conflict minerals.
We encourage suppliersworld.
We engage in themunity, which embraces differences in charac- to participate in our Scope 3 reduction efforts, and Policy communities where we operate.teristics, preferences, perspectives, and beliefs, and we continue to reduce our environmental impactdemonstrates respect for human rights, contributes through the implementation of programs to limitto better business outcomes.
As part of our diversity consumption and waste.ESG Compass program, we aim to increase the percentage ofwomen in management roles to 35% by 2035. We Clean Water and Sanitation: Clean, plentiful, potabletrain hiring managers on the importance of removing water is a basic human need, and it is also criticalobstacles that may inhibit women's success.
We to ensure the quality of our products.
Our water Focusalso share best practices and learnings internally reduction program focuses on reducing our demandthrough diversity representatives in our sites and for water and preventing water scarcity in the areasinitiatives to support women at all levels (e.grams.
via where we operate.
We are committed to protecting Engagement employee resource groups).
In 2023, we also rolled the water ecosystem to ensure that it stays cleanout training programs to engage our people with of pharmaceutical substances or other pollutants.diversity topics such as unconscious bias.
Our site representatives conduct water risk andopportunity assessments, analyze consumptionand discharge quantity and quality, and share bestpractices for continuous improvement.The Seven SD Gs Material Topics and SDG Programs• Customer Satisfaction Quality Education: The development of our people• Supply Chain Responsibilityis critical to our success.
We support colleagues• Carbon Emissionswith extensive training and development curricula,• Energy, Water and Wasteindividual development plans, coaching opportunities,• Occupational Health and Safetyand internal promotions.
We forge partnerships with• Employee Development and Engagementacademia and contribute to the scientific progress in• Gender Equalityour industry.
We invest in and collaborate with localcommunities through science days, volunteering ineducation and training, and donations to educationalcauses.Empowering all levels of the organization Seven ESG Targets Integrated into Compensation System 6 7
Sustainability Report 2023 About Lonza Our focus on the SD Gs demonstrates our respect for human About Us Economic Performancerights and contributes to the value we create for society and We strive to create value for our shareholders, customers,for our key stakeholders in the following ways: We are a leading strategic global partner to the healthcare employees, suppliers and communities.
We distribute our derivedindustry, founded in Switzerland in 1897. We enable a healthier economic value to multiple stakeholders through a variety of• F or our employees: by ensuring fair remuneration, development, world by collaborating with our customers on new and innovative streams.
These include employees through compensationtraining, progression, and rewarding career opportunities medicines that help treat a wide range of diseases.
We achieve and benefits, shareholders through share price evolution and• For customers, healthcare partners and patients: by supplying this by combining technological insight with world-class dividends, suppliers and service providers through raw materialtherapies and health ingredients, and collaborating on manufacturing, scientific expertise and process excellence.
and service contracts, and society and governments throughtechnologies to enable better patient outcomes Our unparalleled breadth of development and manufacturing taxes and local community projects.
Part of the earned value is• For suppliers and business partners: by establishing fair processes enable our customers to commercialize their discoveries retained in the company for further growth through innovation,relationships, offering leadership, and supporting their efforts and innovations in the pharmaceutical, biotech and nutrition strategic investments and bolt-on acquisitions.
The netto reduce their environmental footprint markets.
value added to all our stakeholders in 2023 was 3,145 million• For shareholders: by de-risking their long-term investments CHF.
Our tax report/policy is available on our website.
For• F or society: by delivering patient therapies, supporting We operate across five continents, and our structure of further information on our financial performance, please seecommunities through volunteering and financial contributions, four divisions has been designed to capture synergies and the Financial Statements section of our 2023 Annual Report.and following sustainable practices that support and protect meet the needs of our global customers.
More information onour planet our business model is provided in the Our Businesses sectionof our 2023 Annual Report.It is a challenge to quantify the external impacts of thesecontributions, besides the direct monetary value or the "cost"to create this value.
Raw materials, air, energy, emissions andwater can be viewed as costs to society, as they use commonresources.
The same is true of societal infrastructure, such asuse of transportation, education systems, legislation, regulatory Lonza's Business Divisionssystems and the needed supply chain for materials and services.As a proxy in estimating the magnitude of the gross valueto society in relation to the cost element, we monetize the What we do Key Modalitiesimpacts using Lonza's carbon footprint (in CO equivalents) for 2 fuels (Scope 1), electrical power and steam (Scope 2) and all Biologics We accelerate and de-risk the path from drug Mammaliansupplied materials and services (Scope 3) to manufacture our substance development to drug product supply Microbialoutputs, totaling 2,308 thousand tons CO-eq.
In this model, we for complex modalities including mammalian, Licensing 2 assume a cost of carbon of CHF 100 per ton of CO-eq.
When microbial, meter RNA and bioconjugates.
Bioconjugates 2 we compare the net value added to our stakeholders (CHF 3,145 Drug Product Servicesm) in 2023, which is a proxy to estimate the value for society, meter RN Awith the "cost" of creating this value, which is around CHF 231 meter the model shows the cost element is a fraction (around 3%) Small Molecules We support the journey from early development Active Pharmaceuticalof the value created for society.to commercial supply, with drug substance, drug Ingredientsproduct and particle engineering services.
Drug Product Formulation SDG 3 Good Health and Wellbeing Cell & Gene We support and equip our customers to develop, Biosciencede-risk, commercialize and scale their emerging Cell & Gene Technologies" By helping our customers to deliver life-changingtherapies.
Personalized Medicinetherapies, and prioritizing our colleagues' safetyand wellbeing, we can fulfil ourpurpose to enable a healthier world."Daniel Palmacci Capsules & We enable our customers with innovative and Capsules President, Cell & Genefunctional capsules, differentiated dosage form Health Ingredients Health Ingredientssolutions and science-backed health ingredients.8 9
Sustainability Report 2023 About Lonza In 2024, we will prioritize the following key internal sustainability Governance Lonza's Group General Counsel, the Head of Global Sustainabilityinitiatives: In accordance with the law and the Lonza Articles of Association, Sustainability Governance Structure and the Head of Global Environment, Health and Safety (EHS)the Board of Directors (Board) is the most senior management teams are responsible for proposing the corporate sustainability• Reviewing the materiality analysis using the 'double materiality' body of Lonza Group.
The Board defines the strategic direction Board of Directors strategy and for implementing the Safety and Sustainabilityconcept and is responsible for the supervision of the persons entrusted Policy.
At a divisional level, sustainability representatives report• I ncreased understanding of climate related effects on our with the Group's management.
The members of the EC are to each Division Operations Head to support the implementation Executive Committeemain manufacturing sites and the group appointed by the Board.
The EC is responsible for managing of ESG initiatives and divisional programs.• Strengthening our pipeline of energy and Greenhouse Gas reduction Lonza globally and for implementing policies and strategies asprojects supporting our Greenhouse Gas reduction commitment defined by the Board.
Sustainability governance at corporate level is assured by the SRC Sustainability and Risk Committee• Expanding supplier engagement to manage supply chain and the Safety and Sustainability Steering Board (SSSB).
The SR Ccompliance and footprint Board Oversight meets on a monthly basis and includes members from Global• C ontinuing to focus on business continuity, alongside the Governance and oversight of sustainability and ESG is the Safety and Sustainability Steering Board Sustainability, Ethics & Compliance, EHS, Corporate Responsibilityhealth and safety of our employees responsibility of the Board, headed by the Chairman of the Board, and Enterprise Risk Management.
At functional level, the SRC• C ontinuing to deliver capital expenditure (CAPEX) investment with specific aspects covered by the Board's committees.
The involves delegates from Operations, HR, Communications, andto meet specific customer demand and enable long-term Audit and Compliance Committee (ACC) and their chairpersons Network Safety and Sustainability Councils Finance.
Its responsibilities include the following:growth oversee the reporting and assurance process for ESG.
The• Focusing on talent attraction, retention and development to Nomination and Compensation Committee (NCC) sets the ESG • Defining Lonza's sustainability strategy implementation and Site EHS Councilsupport expansion and sustainable growth targets within the Lonza compensation system, and oversees alignment with global functions• E stablishing and strengthening systems and processes across the achievements of such targets on an annual basis.
The Business Unit / Division / Function • P roviding leadership, driving awareness and engagementour divisions to optimize efficiency and delivery Innovation and Technology Committee (ITC) reviews innovation in sustainability, including changes in the regulatory andand technology at Lonza, including related and relevant ESG reporting landscapedevelopments.
• Overseeing the design and execution of programs aligned While the Board acts as sponsor and overall owner of the with the seven SD Gs ESG program, implementation is the responsibility of the EC.
• Serving as a link and source of dialogue between internal The Board and its Committees review and endorse Lonza's networks and external stakeholderssustainability program and reporting, including a regular update • E ncouraging sharing of best practice across divisions andon status and key performance indicators, such as climate-related functions 1,999 risks.
The Board also receives regular updates on regulatory andother developments relating to ESG which are of importance to The SSSB deals with the operational aspects of safety and Lonza's Financial mio.
our business and stakeholders.
Lonza's climate-related targets sustainability, and meets on a quarterly basis.
It includes globaland results are discussed several times during the year and at leaders from EHS, Sustainability, Operations, Engineering,Performance 2023 year-end in the context of sustainability reporting.
The Board Procurement, HR, Corporate Responsibility and Enterprise CORE EBITDA in CHF also has oversight of enterprise risks and opportunities that are Risk Management, as well as the Head of Group Operationsidentified through the company's Enterprise Risk Management (EC member).
Its responsibilities include:program, which are reviewed annually.• meter onitoring the EHS and sustainability performance of the 6,717 Management Oversight group, the divisions and aligning group and divisional targets,Senior management, and in particular the EC, is responsible programs and initiativesmio.
for continually monitoring the evolution of risks and opportunities • I dentifying significant operational EHS and sustainability risks,and the risk mitigation progress in the organization.
In order emerging issues, regulatory developments and compliancefor risks to be managed at the appropriate level, the heads of matters Sales in CHF business units, operational units, corporate functions and business • E ndorsing global EHS and sustainability procedures andservices, organizations provide adequate and timely reporting standards and ensuring involvement of the business divisionsto the EC.
The EC escalates information about significant risks • R eviewing quarterly audit summaries and significantto the Board as appropriate.
governmental enforcement notices, citations and actions 8.7% to drive appropriate corrective actions and programs In addition to this governance structure and under the leadershipof the CEO, the EC is responsible for reviewing and approving" Sustainability has been integratedthe company's sustainability program and agenda, includinginto the fabric of our business, withclimate, waste and energy targets.
The EC and Board both ROIC clear design principles for our facilitiesreceive quarterly updates on the status of environmental targetand sustainability targets in ourachievements.remuneration policies."The Sustainability and Risk Committee (SRC), led by the Lonza 29.8% Matthias Hofmann Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, manages Head Global Sustainabilityidentified material topics (as shown in the Materiality Matrixon page 15) and oversees sustainability reporting.
Reporting to CORE EBITDA margin 11
Sustainability Report 2023 About Lonza Employee Community Permanent Employees 18,050 Temporary Employees 587~18,000 2.9% 37 : 63 Employees (FTE) Growth in employee population Female : Male Ratio 2022: 17,494 2022: 17.9% 2022: 36 : 6428 10.5% 110+Americas (30%) Male (63)% Americas (3%) Male (60)%Countries with employee presence Total turnover Nationalities APAC (17%) Female (37 %) APAC (22%) Female (40%)2022: 28 2022: 12.8% Mainly from Switzerland, EMEA (53%) Other (<1%) EMEA (75%) Other (<1%)United States, Germany, Includes regular employees, those on collective agreements and international assignees Includes employees on fixed-term contract, interns and trainees (headcount)United Kingdom, China.
(headcount)The SRC continues to drive our ESG agenda by working withthe Board and EC on the SDG-aligned targets integrated in Full-time Employees 17,363 Contingent Workers 5,218 Broad Balance Across Age Groupsour compensation framework.
The Board and NCC conduct Male Femalean independent evaluation of the ESG program on an annualbasis, with a direct impact on compensation.>7066-6961-65 The Annual General Meeting (AGM) is an opportunity 56-60 for our shareholders to provide feedback.
The election or 51-55 re-election of each Board member provides an evaluation of 46-50 Board performance.
The Sustainability Report is issued 41-45 with the Annual Report ahead of the AGM and is reviewed by 36-4031-35 the NCC and the ACC, with final approval by the Board.
The 26-30 report is assured in relevant parts by the Auditors applying a Americas (31%) Male (65)% Americas (23%) Male (16)% 21-25 limited assurance process.
At the AGM 2024, our shareholders APAC (18%) Female (35 %) APAC (6%) Female (7%) <20 will have the opportunity to vote on non-financial disclosures EMEA (51%) Other (<1%) EMEA (71%) Other/Not available (77%)with respect to the Swiss legal requirements (Art.
964 b CO) Headcount Includes consultants, external contractors, outsourced service providers and 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000 500 0 0 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 for the first time.
agency staff (headcount) Lonza allows employees to identify as male, female, transgender or to choose not todisclose.
29 employees identified as transgender or chose not to disclose in 2023 Further details on corporate governance and the group structurecan be found in the Corporate Governance section of our 2023 Part-time Employees 882 Annual Report.
Our Workforce Employee Community 2022 2023 Our employee population grew to approximately 18,0001 Gender (headcount) Male 11,271 11,535 colleagues by the end of 2023. Within the same period, our Female 6,432 6,681 total turnover rate went down from 12.8% in 2022 to 10.5% in Region (headcount) Americas 5,257 5,3482023.
We maintained a strong focus on onboarding, training and EMEA 9,352 9,763 development of our new employees, ensuring that colleagues APAC 3,105 3,134 feel supported to grow, stay and develop with Lonza.
Through Hires (headcount) 3,585 2,447 enhanced dashboards, people managers can access vital Hires by Region Americas 1,282 833(headcount)information to manage their team's success.
EMEA 1,805 1,323 Americas (1%) Male (30)% APAC 498 291 APAC (1%) Female (70%)Total Turnover (%) 12.8% 10.5 percentEMEA (98%)Total Turnover by Region Americas 881 740 Headcount (headcount)EMEA 958 911 APAC 351 234 Voluntary Turnover (%) Managers 11.1% 7.2 percentNon-managers 9.3% 8.6 percentInvoluntary Turnover (%) Managers 2.2% 1.4 percent1 number in Full-Time Equivalents.
Total employee headcount is 18,245 including temporary Non-managers 1.4% 2.4 percentfixed-term contractors but excluding agency workers and consultants.
The remainingstatistics and numbers in this section refer to headcount.12 13
About Lonza Our Stakeholders Materiality In 2021, we undertook a materiality assessment to define Our assessment and the priorities were validated by the We have identified all relevant stakeholder groups who may Engagement is key to understanding stakeholders' expectations.
sustainability topics relevant to the company and to better Sustainability and Risk Committee and by Group Management,have a vested interest in our performance and can directly The table below summarizes how we engage with our main understand the requirements and priorities of key stakeholder and verified using input from other external stakeholders, e.grams.or indirectly influence the direction of the company.
We see stakeholder groups.
groups.
Specifically, we engaged cross-functional and customer sustainability functions, delivering similar results.international organizations such as the UN as authorities, and cross-regional employees, customer contacts, the scientific The 2023 Sustainability Report focuses on the top quadrantthe relevant agreements between states as a guideline for the community, shareholders, proxy advisors, financial analysts, topics visualized in the matrix below.
The moderate and lowindustry.
Our material topics and the selected SD Gs guide and Group Management and the Board of Directors into the selection rated topics are not systematically covered in this report butdirect our corporate goals and approach to sustainability.
and prioritization.
are nonetheless monitored on a regular basis in the functionalreviews, e.grams. in HR, EHS & Sustainability, Ethics and Compliance.The survey started with a long list of topics from the Global Reporting Initiative standards (GRI) and SASB, alongside Newly identified topics and upcoming ESG regulatory requirementsmajor sustainability topics raised by our stakeholders, from are analyzed, prioritized and integrated, based on their relevance.benchmarking, current and future legislation, criteria considered Our ongoing dialogue with internal and external stakeholders,by analysts, social and digital media analysis results, as well as a specifically with sustainability experts of financial and proxybenchmarking assessment of industry value chain companies.
advisors and with industry insiders, help us to refine material We then shortlisted these topics using the following criteria: topics.
In the upcoming reporting period, we will be reviewing themateriality topics applying the 'double materiality' concept, as• Relevance to our business defined by the European Sustainability Reporting Standards.• Actual and potential size of impacts (e.grams., physical, reputational)• Our potential to influence the impact or the topic• Significance or extent of the impact on our business Importance to Lonza Groupsredlohekat Sotecnatropm ISustainability Report 2023 Stakeholder Engagement Employees We hold regular employee events and townhalls.
Our global Voice of Employee (Vo E) employee engagement survey was conducted twiceduring the year (see more information in our People and Society chapters).In 2023, we continued to assess and develop our channels of communication to and between employees.
Examples include theintroduction of a new and improved global intranet which enables increased dialogue among the Lonza employee community.Additionally, we created videos in which EC members directly addressed questions and comments from employees.Employee All Lonza employees are free to join a union or similar association.
We do not track union membership or discriminate against employees Associations with memberships.and Unions Around 12% of our total global workforce is subject to a collective bargaining agreement.
In addition, many employees are based inlocations with national or industry labor contract frameworks, which typically define minimum wage and wage increases, and giveguidance for the formation of works councils.
We actively partner with works councils on the development and deployment of global andlocal employment policies.Alongside country-specific employee representation, we have established a European Works Council (EWC) that holds regular meetings.The EWC's 2023 annual meeting took place in person with senior Lonza leaders including members of the EC.
It included an update on Lonza's business and people strategy.
Ad hoc sessions with local representatives took place during the year to update Council memberson people-related topics.Customers We maintain regular contact with our customers through our sales teams at a divisional level and through direct contact with theand healthcare sustainability team and Lonza Group leadership.partners During 2023, we ran the Lonza Promoter Score (LPS) survey for the fourth consecutive year, with more than 1,500 responses.
The surveyprovides a quantifiable and consistent measure of customer engagement across Lonza.
The LPS survey supports our work relating to SDG 3 (Good Health and Wellbeing) by measuring the satisfaction of our customers who deliver life-saving and life-enhancing medicinesto their patients.The survey found that our customers continue to value our highly skilled employee community and the quality of our services and Actively Monitor Top Prioritiesproducts.
This feedback was consistent across our customer base.
Water and Suppliers We engage with suppliers and conduct risk assessments, focusing on ESG aspects.
This includes the role of our suppliers and business Occupatio a n n a d l H Sa e f a e lt Tonnes h y Effluents Carbon emissionsand business partners in the decarbonization of our supply chain (see Responsible Sourcing chapter).
(Scope 1, 2 and 3)partners Every year we also attend in excess of 100 tradeshows and in-person events for the pharmaceutical and nutrition industry, including Governance CPh I Worldwide, DCAT and BIO International.
These global and regional events give us an opportunity to interact with new and existing Environment Supply Chain Wastecustomers, present on thought leadership topics and meet suppliers and industry groups.
Social Responsibility Energy Shareholders In 2023, more than a hundred virtual and face-to-face meetings took place with shareholders, key proxy advisors, rating partners, and Environmental Complianceand Investors ESG analysts to discuss corporate governance, compensation, sustainability and other relevant topics.Our financial reporting milestones provide regular opportunities for engagement with shareholders.
After every Half Year and Full Year Risk Management and Resilience Diversity and Equalreport, Lonza hosted roadshows in Zurich, London, Boston and New York to engage with investors in person.
Information Governance Opportunity Anti-Bribery/Anti-Corruption In May 2023, we hosted our Annual General Meeting (AGM) at the Congress Center in Basel (CH).
More than 60% of Lonza's share capital Employee Recruitment,was represented, and all motions proposed by the Board of Directors were accepted.
Development and Additionally, in October 2023 we hosted Capital Markets Day at our site in Visp (CH), which included a business strategy update and a Innovating for Retentiontour of our biopark facilities.
Shareholders not attending in person had the opportunity to watch the presentations via a livestream, and Sustainabilitywere able to ask questions as part of the open discussion at the end of the presentation.Responsible Society Our entities and sites regularly engage with their relevant stakeholders on a local level and incorporate their requirements for site Employment Employee Ethicsdevelopment, though not necessarily in a formalized manner.
and Compliance Employee Engagement We are active on relevant and useful social media platforms, through which we can engage in conversations and receive feedback fromindividuals or groups.In August, we hosted a groundbreaking event for a new large-scale manufacturing facility at our site in Portsmouth (US) in collaborationwith our customer, Vertex.
Lonza and Vertex's leadership teams were joined at the event by several New Hampshire government officials Supplierand members of Type 1 Diabetes patient groups that may be supported by future Vertex treatments.
Environmental Other Air Associations Lonza joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) in 2009 and is an ambassador of the program for Switzerland and Improvement Emissions Liechtenstein.
We are committed to aligning our business and operations with its universally accepted principles of sustainabledevelopment.
This encompasses the areas of human and labor rights, anti-corruption and environmental sustainability.
We are Financialcommitted to implementing the UN Global Compact's Ten Principles, in order to uphold our responsibilities to people and planet and set Health andthe stage for long-term success.
Performance Lonza has been a member of the non-profit business membership organization Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) since 2019.PSCI brings together the pharmaceutical industry to define, implement and champion responsible supply chain practice.
We engage inseveral PSCI committees and we have embedded its principles into our Supplier Code of Conduct.We are a member of various associations in the pharmaceutical and biopharmaceutical industry sectors, as well as in the wider businesscommunity, including: Scienceindustries, Swiss Holdings, Biophorum Operations Group, Drug, Chemical and Associated Technologies Association, International Society for Cellular Therapy, International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering, Parenteral Drug Association,American Society for Quality, Alliance f or Regenerative Medicine, Association A 3 P, Together for Sustainability and Rx-360 Consortium.
Public Policy Regulators There is increasing ESG regulation in countries where we are active.We work with trade associations, such as Scienceindustries and Swiss Holdings, to participate in consultation processes for upcoming Monitor Actively Manageregulations.We also work alongside industry working groups and participate in industry initiatives (see Associations section) to define commonimplementation pathways.14 15
Sustainability Report 2023 Responsibility Responsibility Risk Management Lonza's EC has direct involvement in the ERM program.
At impacts and the chosen scenarios.
This was followed by athe EC's direction, the Head of Ethics & Compliance, ERM guided identification of risk and opportunities according to We apply the precautionary principle within a systematic risk and Corporate Responsibility is responsible for mapping and local conditions.
In a second phase, risks were evaluated andmanagement framework across our activities.
Risk management reporting all enterprise risks and mitigation measures including ranked.
The outputs were used to develop a master list of mostis a process applied at both a micro and macro level - from the those related to environmental and social topics.
The EC is prominent risks and opportunities, which will be reviewed and Every day, our products and services have a positive impact manufacturing floor of a single site to the whole Lonza Group.
responsible for implementing actions to reduce the likelihood evaluated across our remaining top sites to identify and evaluateon a large number of people's lives.
As much as this is a great Selected elements include: of occurrence and potential impact of risks, and considering the most common and meaningful risk and opportunities to ourprivilege, it is also a great responsibility.
Responsible business opportunities as part of longer-term strategy development.
business.
In a next step, we will also quantify the climate-changeis both an ethical and a business imperative for Lonza.
• Job safety analysis, technical safety reviews of equipment effects along those projections.• Process hazard analysis, audits and inspections The findings of the ERM program are presented to the Audit Our purpose to enable a heathier world includes our responsibilities • S ite risk analysis, including fire safety, natural risk, climate Committee and the Board, who have oversight responsibility.
Description of the IPCC climate scenariosacross environmental, social and governance areas.
We are change and interruption risk ESG topics are considered in the company's enterprise risk RCP 4.5 involves a scenario with moderate levels of GH Gcommitted to ethical business practices and sustainability • Supply chain risk analysis assessment, including climate change, human rights, geopolitical emissions, in which emissions peak in 2040 and then decline.in how we work.
Every employee is trained regularly to fully • Enterprise risk management (ERM) and macroeconomic shifts, as well as trends such as aging This scenario requires considerable interventions on behalf ofunderstand and uphold these principles.
societies, growing populations and the increasing need for governments and society to achieve a reduction of emissions,Any result of these risk assessments will be resolved at the access to healthcare and medicines.
For more information and consequently brings about greater transition risks associated Our respect for human rights is evident in all we do.
We take an appropriate level and mitigations and controls will be installed.
about ERM, see the Financial Statements section of our 2023 with navigating these interventions.
Transition risks are relatedactive approach to provide value to stakeholders , our partnerships For the larger risks we maintain a crisis management organization Annual Report.
to the adjustment towards a lower-carbon economy, such asand our community involvement initiatives, generating sustainable and escalation procedure responding to situations which can changes in policy, legal, technology, and market conditions.value for society.
We are contributing to communities, employees, affect the Group.
Climate Change Impact Analysiscustomers, shareholders and suppliers.
Inclusion and diversity, Lonza Group, its stakeholders and investors seek an understanding RCP 8.5 is a scenario with high Greenhouse Gas emissions, in which emissionsand integrity are high values and abidance is monitored in our Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) of mid-term climate related potential effects and impacts on the do not peak and continue to rise.
This scenario emphasizespremises and supply chain through assessments, surveys, data Our ERM program is a critical element of our risk management business and operations of the company.
In addition, legislation more on physical risks like extreme weather events, sea-levelanalytics and evaluations.
and strategic planning activities, by providing a mechanism requires information on these topics to be disclosed, specifically rise, and other climate-related consequences that can haveand appropriate governance for risk management.
We have in Swiss and European regulations.
Swiss public companies direct or indirect physical impacts on our assets, supply chainleveraged the methodology of our ERM processes to develop a are obliged to start assessing and evaluating potential effects.
and people.
The scenario assumes no or less action is takenwholistic, Group-level risk management program.
This enables The Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to inhibit Greenhouse Gas emissions and subsequently we deal with moreus to identify the most significant risks to our organization that provides a reference framework for assessing and disclosing frequent and severe weather events with long-term impacts.impact value to our stakeholders, including risks relating to climate-related effects, risks and opportunities.macroeconomics and geopolitics, climate change, compliance Embedding climate change into ERM and Businessand human rights, along with mitigation plans to minimize the The governance of the process is identical with the ERM as Continuity Planningprobability and/or impact of such risks.
The annual ERM process we embed this analysis into the Risk Management process.
The climate change risk management process is embeddedincludes the following elements: Assessing and mitigating the impact of climate change is into our ERM governance framework and follows the samereflected in our climate action plan of reducing our Greenhouse Gas footprint structure.
Once we have completed all baseline assessments,(Scopes 1, 2 and 3), the strategy of which can be found in the we will define the review cycle to ensure it aligns with the releaserespective chapter.
Potential impacts and mitigations can be of new climate change forecasts provided by the IPCC.Lonza Enterprise Risk Management found exemplified below.
The evaluation, the metrics and targetsare based on relevant scenarios which we describe below, e.grams. We believe that probable mid-term climate risks are country-the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) climate specific regulatory changes, physical hazards, natural disasters Risk Trend Calibration Reporting Reportingscenarios, the IEA (International Energy Agency) projections, and extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, floods and Identification Analysis and Mitigation to Executive to Board ofour site related translation of these trends and the valuation wildfires.
Today, the known and anticipated risks are managed Planning Committee Directorsof these effects.
by site business continuity plans (BCP).
These plans will beenriched with climate effects which have been elaborated We identify risks using Our ERM team We conduct calibration We report findings to the We report top risks and To assess our operations, we piloted the application of a site- during the site-workshops and reflect a longer timeline andinternal and external data consolidates input, workshops with senior Executive Committee for mitigation plans to the level TCFD Climate Risk Assessment in two major Lonza sites, response planning.analytics and resources.
assesses the risks and leadership teams and evaluation and alignment Board of Directors and leveraging site specific climate intelligence reports (Munich Re,We have discussions maps probability and ensure appropriate with strategic planning.
its Audit Committee towith risk owners and impact versus prior year.
mitigation measures are in ensure awareness and Location Risk Intelligence Platform).
These reports discuss the Longer-term implications of climate change are relevant forincorporate anticipatory place.
Mitigation measure appropriate oversight.
modelled changes in physical risks for defined geo-locations site development plans, such as limitations to water availability,risks identified through owners report status of over the coming 30 years.
We centred attention on climate and storm frequencies, wastewater disposal limitations, and flooding.climate, social and other their measures quarterly.data trends.
temperature change consequences of two IPCC Greenhouse Gas increase Through the TCFD guided analysis program, we have now startedscenarios: Representative Concentration Pathway (RCP) 4.5 and to include long-term climate risk scenario planning within RCP 8.5. In principle these reflect ~2°C and >4°C global mean our risk management and business continuity managementtemperature increases (see below for description narratives).
frameworks.
We have also assessed opportunities from climatechange and we specifically highlight resource efficiency and We then hosted workshops with experts from ERM and energy sourcing, increased resilience and response to marketthe sites, which began with a training and education session expectations as drivers.on the methodology, key terms, a review of projected climate 16 17
Sustainability Report 2023 Responsibility Climate Risk Overview and Evaluation Exposure to flooding risk at our Visp manufacturing complex These changes could affect Lonza's operations directly or • Reputation and Market Risks Our climate change procedure identified the following risks in Switzerland, for example, has been drastically reduced with indirectly, leading to an increase in operating costs and additional Our customer relations and market capitalization are alsoand opportunities which we elaborated upon, and used to the completion of the correction of the Rhone river.
The river management focus and efforts including monitoring, reporting increasingly influenced by our sustainability performance.
Failureevaluate impacts at our two pilot sites.
At a Group level, we bed now provides for almost full high water capacity.
The and verification.
In addition, due to the different timing at which to achieve expectations could harm the company's reputationhave committed to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas footprint multi-year regional project was financed and executed by the regional legislation is put in place, policy asymmetry is expected and impact customer trust.
To provide transparency andand to manage our Scope 3 emissions aligned with the SB Ti- state and supported by public funding on a national level.
A in the short and medium term.
accountability to our stakeholders, we report on sustainabilityrequirements.
This Climate Plan, its metrics and targets are minor probability of flooding at our Visp site could still lead to according to GRI standards, we have established comprehensivedescribed in the Greenhouse Gas Emissions chapter, and is the main risk business interruption for a limited time.
The risk is known and A further increase in fuel and energy costs is expected and ESG targets and we are in regular contact with customers,reduction and mitigation element on a Group level.
evaluated, and the necessary contingency plans exist and are recognized by our business strategies, and we consider the investors, and advisors.ready to be activated.
risks as part of our annual ERM program.
The risks of an energy• Acute Physical Risk price increase apply worldwide to a varying degree, with more In a mid-term and long-term RCP 8.5 scenario, we identified a Extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, floods, droughts • Chronic Physical Risk exposed operations in Europe.
It is expected that energy efficiency potential reputational risk arising from competition for waterand fires, can seriously affect the company's operations, suppliers Longer-term shifts in climate patterns (like rising sea levels or regulations will become more stringent and increasingly be resources with local communities in times of scarcity, in areasand supply chain processes.
However, the additional contribution temperature changes) may cause gradual shifts in business integrated into environmental legislation.
At the same time, that may suffer from periods of water scarcity exacerbated byof adverse effects induced by climate change is uncertain, but operations.
In one of our piloted sites, a mid-term risk was planning will remain challenging as the volatility in political climate change.
Water efficiency projects are integral to achievingwe expect an increase in frequency, intensity or both under identified in having sufficient cooling potential to reject heat decision-making may increase.
of our 2030 sustainability goals and are being factored into sitecertain conditions.
We have been specifically evaluating the and maintain production during periods of prolonged higher master plans accordingly to mitigate this risk.risks of tropical cyclones, extratropical storms, hail, tornados, ambient temperatures, like in the RCP 8.5 scenario.
The site It is difficult to project the financial implications of carbon taxes.lightning, river floods, flash floods, storm surges and wildfires.
is now reviewing its cooling and building insulation set-up to Fuel and energy taxes, as well as regulations, could have a financial • Opportunitiesprevent shortfalls.
As illustrated, use of IPCC scenarios RCP 4.5 impact.
The expansion of schemes into other legislations will We also assessed opportunities from climate change, such as Our manufacturing sites engage in contingency planning and and RCP 8.5 in planning and strategy development helps sites require additional management focus, and efforts to align with resource efficiency and energy sourcing, increased resiliencehave established backup systems and alternatives in place.
prepare for and adapt to these long-term changes.
Specifically, suppliers will also take time and resources.
and response to market expectations.These measures enable sites to make informed decisions on the we reviewed the risks of river flooding, sea level rise, precipitation,acceptable level of risk and the physical investments needed heat, drought stress, annual maximum temperature, fire season • Technology Risks We unlock innovation potential through the introduction ofto address such risks as part of our BCP.
duration, and maximum five days precipitation.
Due to specialized production equipment and processes, water and energy efficient technologies, alternative technologiesassessments to date have not revealed any significant technology and cooperation with external companies.
For instance, we Lonza sites require freshwater for manufacturing and also use • Transition Risks - Policy and Legal risks (i.e., obsolescence) associated with transitioning to a lower are using excess steam from external waste incinerators towater for cooling.
Increased temperatures can reduce cooling The main regulatory risks identified concern the potential revision carbon economy.
Switching to renewable power with specific substitute fossil fuels at our production complexes in Visp (CH)capacity or quantitative limits on water intake (physically or of existing law and uncertainty of developing laws regarding processes, such as converting steam generation from natural and Colmar (FR).
The installation of solar panels in various sitesby permitted levels).
Water risks are local, and therefore must carbon tax and other instruments, such as new or changing gas to renewable electricity, will involve a significant increase has been completed.
We are contracting with renewable powerbe addressed by sites as part of their BCP and sustainability cap and trade systems.
In the European Union and Switzerland, in electrical energy demand and on the external connectivity.
companies to add capacity to the supply and co-operate withroadmaps.
This can include recirculating cooling water and changes could increase the price of carbon certificates and Whilst such a change would pose no significant risk to Lonza, in partners in alternative fuels such as biomass heat production.re-using reject water from quality water systems.
decrease the amount of free allowances granted.
In other some locations, local power infrastructure could not provide for Energy efficiency also decreases costs and emissions, and ourgeographies, new carbon pricing policies are planned or are such significant growth in consumption.
This will require careful exposure to future carbon pricing schemes.being implemented in the near future.
planning and cooperation with power companies to enablecapacity improvements relating to the transition to green power.Relevant Chronic Physical Risks for our Two Pilot Sites Relevant Transition Risk for Lonza Group Time Likelihood Impact Magnitude Action Time Likelihood Impact Magnitude Action Increase in number of Medium-term High Cooling impairment Medium Building shell, Carbon pricing Medium-term Very likely Cost increase Medium Scope 1 and 2 heat days cooling technology legislation reduction Risk Heat day increases can impair production and storage in biopharma operations.
Risk A carbon price increase is expected across global legislations, with varying timelines.
The IEA Global Energy and Climate modelprojects CO-prices of > CHF 100 for regions in which Lonza operates.
This could result in cost increases for OPEX, raw materials,Action Designing and implementing technical solutions around building insulation, heat management, cooling technology to mitigatetransportatio 2 n.impairment of operations.
These actions can be implemented during regular building upgrades and new building designs.Action Lonza is actively pursuing a Greenhouse Gas reduction strategy described in the Greenhouse Gas-chapters, which will mitigate the business' exposure Water stress Medium-term Medium Availability Medium Water recycling, to increased CO-prices.
Total exposure in 2030 could amount to between CHF 25-35 meter, based on fossil fuel consumption andrainwater harvesting emission factors 2.Risk Reduced water availability or reduced treatment availability, and water competition.Action Developing alternative water sourcing (e.grams.
rainwater harvesting) and recycling technology, setting water reduction target,water management projects and expert group.18 19
Sustainability Report 2023 Responsibility Cybersecurity Our IT Security strategy includes implementing holistic, preventive, Data Protection Trainings and communications are planned with a focus on the Information and data security is a priority for our business.
It detective, and responsive measures in line with the relevant risk We take data protection very seriously across our global network.
audience, topic, and modality.
These are risk-led, selected, andenables us to maintain constant availability of our critical systems levels.
We provide risk assessments, contribute to enterprise risk Our guiding principle is the General Data Protection Regulation disseminated based on changes in regulatory environmentsand to protect our information, including information entrusted management and define security and IT control requirements for (GDPR), in addition to any national law of those countries in which and stakeholder expectations.
They include our ESG materialityto us by our customers and partners.
projects and risk remediation measures.
Additionally, we promote we operate.
Every employee commits to follow our Internal assessment process, as well as internal reviews of our datacompliance with applicable laws and regulations in collaboration Data Protection Guidelines.
These guidelines are included in analytics on misconduct trends and reporting.
The schedule Our IT Security department continually strives to improve the with Legal, Quality Assurance and other departments.
our compulsory Code of Conduct training.
is flexible, allowing for quick adaptation to any changes in thetechnical, procedural and organizational safeguards for our environment, while ensuring that additional site specific requestsinformation and manufacturing systems, including continuous We run ongoing training and awareness programs about IT The protection of our employees' and customers' personal data and detailed business unit trainings can be delivered quickly tomonitoring and testing for potential security weaknesses.
security.
The latest internal surveys indicate that more than 95% is critical to maintaining trust, reputation and license to operate.
relevant teams.
Some training programs are provided annually.The department also provides training to our employees and of our colleagues are aware of their critical role in protecting It has long been a focus for the Privacy Taskforce, which meetscontingent workers to raise awareness about how they contribute our information.
New, innovative technologies and methods monthly to address concerns and developing issues.
Taskforce All colleagues and contract workers are required to completeto the security of our information assets.
The IT Security team's are utilized to ensure this awareness remains high, without members include our Data Protection Officer and dedicated Code of Conduct training annually, up to and including our ECactivities in 2023 included: reducing the impact of the message.
members from across our divisions, sites and functions, including and our Board.
This includes a confirmation by our colleaguescolleagues from the Legal, IT and Marketing departments.
and certain contract workers that they have read and understand• Continued expansion, enhancement and measurement of Secure Scorecard© rating Bitscore© rating the Code, which consists of requirements to follow not onlygovernance and policies, based on international standards The privacy and cookie policies for our website are updated our policies but also the laws governing our operations in the 97 800• Implementing a robust, user-friendly and scalable security A ADVANCED regularly to provide our customers and website visitors with geographies in which we have a presence, as well as a signedarchitecture, including solutions and services optimal levels of choice and safety.
integrity pledge.
We target our web-based training for ethics• C ontinued optimization of the security operations service, and compliance courses at 100% completion.
In addition, werapid response capabilities and risk awareness Ethics and Compliance work closely with site HR teams to ensure that colleagues and• C ontinued investment in the latest recovery technologies to Our information security ratings have remained above average Our Code of Conduct provides behavioral guidance and contract workers without frequent computer access are stillfurther enhance our resilience for the industry for several years.
These ratings 2 are provided expectations to help all colleagues understand that doing able to participate.• Minimization of possible business disruption by independent organizations based on a technical analysis of what is right everyday matters.
The key pillars of our Ethics and• Empowering colleagues to work securely and effectively in our assets and provide a snapshot of cybersecurity risk.
Compliance program are as follows: Our internal communications plan reinforces the training topicsan internationally collaborative environment by demonstrating our commitment from senior leadership.
Italso includes examples of acting with integrity and speaking upthrough employee spotlights and provides resources and toolsto managers for use in their day to day tasks.2 B it Sight uses a credit rating style measurement to communicate IT Security Risk.
Bit Sight Security Ratings are calculated on a scale of 250-900, with a higher rating indicating bettersecurity performance.
Secure Scorecard uses a combination of data points and thenapplies proprietary algorithms to rate security effectiveness with a quantifiable A-F score.Measures and Activities to Enhance IT Security Ethics and Compliance Program Preventive Incident Testing Measures Response Continuous Improvement, Risk Assessment,Monitoring and Benchmarking: 06 01 Awareness and Mitigation:• Enhanced Technical Standards • Data Breach Response Plans • Penetration tests on critical Align with external expectations Identify risks and respond• Various countermeasures in place • Security Incident Response Plans externally facing websitesto address modern threats • A ctive Security Operations Center • Phishing and other active testsmonitoring and Response team • Compliance testing andassessments• Vulnerability tests and mitigation Lonza Culture,Third-Party Management: Leadership, Policies, Procedures 05 Governance and 02 and Controls:Ensure compliance Resources:Training Policy and Governance with our value chain Guide people and prevent errors Safeguard a culture Framework of integrity and trust• S ecurity Fundamentals • F ramework for IT Security and • Active Internal Compliance• Data Privacy Compliance Committees with representatives Reporting, Investigation• E P - e Tonnes r r i a o i d n i i c n grams A s w , s a i r meter en u e la s Tonnes s e U d p p d h a is Tonnes h e i s n , grams • • Tonnes P e ro c c h e n s o s lo es grams y a n S d ta P n r d o a c r e d d s ures • f P r e o r meter io d ac ic r o E s x s e c th u e ti v b e u C sin o e meter s meter s ittee and and Root Cause: 04 03 Training and Communication:and on-site trainings Audit and Compliance Committee Increase awareness of expectations Foster reporting and addressing of issuesbriefings 20 21
Sustainability Report 2023 Responsibility Respect for Human Rights in Our Own Operations Regulatory Compliance We are a business-to-business company.
We work to ensure Respect for human rights is an essential pillar of our ways of Lonza Ethics and Compliance Hotline We are committed to regulatory compliance and ethical behavior that our customers can safely use our products for theirworking, beginning with our purpose of enabling a healthier 2021 2022 2023 across all areas of our business and operations.
As our industry intended purpose.
Generally, our customers also have theirworld and flowing through our programs and initiatives, including number of reports per 1,000 employees 3 12.6 11.3 14.3 is highly regulated, we are frequently inspected by various own procedures and specialists to assess risks, and we aim toour commitment to a safe workplace, the wellbeing of our % of reports which are only inquiries 29% 28% 18% regulatory authorities, certification bodies and customers.
provide the foundation and necessary data to support the safecolleagues, prohibition of child labor, quality education for our Substantiation rate 4,5 38% 36% 28% In addition, regular internal audits of various functions and use of their products.current and future colleagues, a diverse and inclusive workforce, Anonymity rate 5 33% 21% 36% processes occur at both the local and global level (e.grams., EH Sfreedom of association and right to collective bargaining and audit, loss prevention visits, quality audits).
Any findings during For our products, health and safety profiles are evaluated throughequal pay for equal work, among others.
In 2023, we adopted these inspections or internal audits are addressed and used to systematic processes and procedures that are embedded in Human Rights Principles as an extension of our long-standing Lonza Ethics and Compliance Hotline and Disclosure drive continuous improvement in our processes and procedures.
our organizational and business structure.
We have expertsguidance providing for the respect for human rights in our Code System in regulatory compliance and registration, dangerous goodsof Conduct.
These principles reinforce Lonza's commitment The Lonza Ethics and Compliance Hotline and Disclosure system In 2023, our sites underwent 27 authority inspections.
In line and product classifications, toxicology, risk assessment andto respect all internationally recognized human rights that are ("the Hotline") allows employees and third-party stakeholders with the increase in commercial development and production product stewardship covering the regions and markets inrelevant to our operations.
Lonza's Human Rights Principles globally to report concerns anonymously (if allowed by their and a growing service portfolio, the number of customer audits which we operate.
Potential hazards and risks associated withmake clear our practices and provide reporting guidance for jurisdiction), including those related to ethics and compliance and continued to increase.
Regular inspections and audits are a the intended use of our products are clearly communicatedprohibited conduct.
These principles reflect our support of the ESG matters for our own operations and supply chain.
On average, valuable feedback mechanism to support continued compliance to customers via product labels, safety data sheets (SDS) and UNGC principles, the International Labor Organization (ILO), and around three in ten reports are partially or fully substantiated.
across the company.
technical communications.the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development's Root cause analyses are performed and remediation actions Guidance (OECD) for Responsible Business.
are taken for substantiated allegations of wrongdoing.
Those EHS compliance is also critical to our operations.
Each site Relevant programs for the handling of chemicals include thefound responsible for wrongdoing face disciplinary action, employs a management system approach, which includes European Registration, Evaluation, Authorization and Restriction In addition to the programs which demonstrate our respect for which may include termination of employment or contractual regular information updates on legal changes and a compliance of Chemicals (REACH) initiative, the US EPA Toxic Substanceshuman rights, we have programs in place to identify and mitigate relationship with Lonza.
assurance mechanism with internal and external controls.
Various Control Act (TSCA) and the California Safe Drinking Water andrisks associated with human rights, including risks related to sites have implemented a certified ISO 14001 system, which Toxic Enforcement Act (Proposition 65).
Other countries arechild labor.
We begin with standardized hiring practices by The Ethics and Compliance Group regularly conducts assessments includes oversight of regulatory requirements.
Additionally, we launching similar regulatory schemes, such as China-REACH,country to ensure employees are suitable for work.
We utilize of hotline submissions for trending, benchmarking and risk received assurance from a Swiss certification body that our Korea K-REACH, Turkey KKDIK and UK-REACH.
These are ongoingour enterprise risk management program, which assesses the assessment purposes.
Data generated from these assessments Corporate EHS management system is fully aligned with ISO efforts, and we strive to comply with requirements, includingmost significant risks to our organization that impact value to are used to guide training and communications for certain 14001 and ISO 45001 standard requirements.
those related to REACH substances of very high concern (SVHC).our stakeholders, along with mitigation plans to minimize the geographies or business units, and to measure the effectiveness In addition, we use the Globally Harmonized System (GHS) forprobability and/or impact.
Our Ethics and Compliance Hotline of existing training, policies or procedures.
A wide range of case Product Compliance the classification, labeling and packaging of chemicals.and Disclosure system allows for reporting of wrongdoing submissions indicates an awareness and comfort in speaking All of our product manufacturing practices are highly regulatedrelated to any topic, including child labor.
up across all aspects of the business.
An increasing tendency to ensure the required standards of performance, quality and Animal Testingto use electronic methods for sharing concerns has also been efficacy are met.
All products must be evaluated, manufactured We do not have own animal testing facilities or the capability to This year, we also initiated a formalized human rights impact noted.
For example, colleagues use the web platform twice as and labeled appropriately, and adequate instruction provided conduct animal studies.
Wherever possible, we use validatedassessment process to ensure respect for human rights often than reporting concerns by telephone.
to end-users to exclude health and safety risks for customers alternatives to animal testing.
We have developed alternativesthroughout our operations and to take action to mitigate any and consumers.
including the primary cell and media product lines, which canmaterial risks.
This assessment utilizes UNGC resources and Each year, we benchmark our reporting data against other replace animal models in research and development labs.
Ourfocuses on workplace health and safety, wages, fair treatment companies similar in size, industry, revenue and geographic Our product development and manufacturing expertise, products are evaluated to ensure the protection of humanand community impacts.
This assessment will be completed in location.
Multiple data points (e.grams., submission type, disclosure regulatory assurance and global regulatory support provide health and the environment in accordance with ECHA guidelinesearly 2024. Certain employees also received targeted human of the reporter, source of the report, etc.) are consistently distinct competitive advantages in an environment of increasing to avoid unnecessary animal testing and consider alternativerights training in 2023. reviewed to measure the effectiveness of the Hotline and registration, labeling and packaging requirements.
Our expertise test methods.investigation.
Areas that do not meet our expectations or in the pharma, biotech and nutrition markets supports thebenchmark standards are addressed via targeted training and services and products that we provide from early phase to Many regulatory authorities continue to require animal testing tocommunications programs, as well as enhancements to the commercialization.
We have a team of more than 90 regulatory verify the safety of products such as health ingredients.
In suchoverall Ethics and Compliance program.
experts in Europe, the Americas and Asia Pacific who serve and cases, we carefully select independent contract laboratoriessupport our business globally.
that meet the highest ethical and quality standards and are The Hotline also serves as our disclosure system for conflicts of accredited for animal welfare protection.
All animal testinginterest, where employees and third parties can disclose potential Our processes for assessing ongoing regulatory compliance is conducted with oversight to ensure compliance to animalor actual conflicts of interest.
All allegations of wrongdoing or and improving the health and safety impacts of our products welfare considerations and all study protocols are approved bydisclosures of conflicts are received, evaluated and addressed remain a focus for growth and investment.
This is particularly the Institutional Ethics Board and the Institutional Animal Careby the Ethics and Compliance Group.
important as we continue to integrate newly acquired products and Use Committee (IACUC).and businesses into our stewardship and management structures.All equipment manufactured by our business is assessed in line 3 Employees indicates headcount of employees (regular, collective agreement, international with regional requirements for compliance to applicable safetyassignees and temporary employees, excluding interns and Board members) and does notinclude contingent workers.
Figures from 2021 and 2022 are restated with this headcount and conformity standards.figure as of December 31 of each calendar year.4 S ubstantiation rate includes cases which included partially or fully substantiated allegations.5 S ubstantiation rate and anonymity rate from 2022 are restated due to removal of twointernal test cases from our reporting figures.22 23
Sustainability Report 2023 Responsibility 2023 Globally, we conduct a diligence and risk assessment The breadth and diversity of our business is reflected in our EC and Board members to whom policies and anti-corruption procedures are communicated 15 / 100% process for all third parties we work with, in part to ensure supply chain, which involved approximately 14,700 suppliers Employees to whom policies and anti-corruption procedures are communicated 18,1146 / 100% our conducting business with them does not violate our zero in 2023. Approximately 1,700 are direct material suppliers Active suppliers to whom anti-corruption policies and procedures are communicated 7 14,762 / 100% tolerance approach to ABAC.
This includes real-time screening ranging from basic chemicals and naturally derived materials EC and Board members who have received training on anti-corruption policies and procedures 8 15 / 100% against sanction, restricted and denied party lists, including such as gelatin, to high-end systems and consumables for Employees who have received training on anti-corruption policies and procedures 9 16,711 / 92% sanctions for corruption, trade, human rights, and environmental biopharmaceuticals or specialized components for cell and Training completion rates by region (all employees excluding EC): Americas 95% topics for all suppliers, agents and customers.
Suppliers are gene therapy production.APAC 98% additionally screened for adverse media coverage.EMEA 89% Management Approach Training and completion rates by worker type (all employees excluding EC): Managers 95% Based on the results of the risk assessment, we may request To manage supply chain complexity and mitigate ESG risks, our Non-managers 92% our suppliers to make additional disclosures or take training.
In Procurement Team includes category managers and site-basedsome cases, we may prohibit suppliers from conducting business buyers.
They develop and implement category strategieswith Lonza based on the results of the risk assessment.
In 2023, and manage the selection of suppliers and negotiation of terms Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Risk Assessment 0.32% of direct, new suppliers (or direct suppliers who were on behalf of our divisions and enabling functions.
This approach In addition to evaluating bribery and corruption risks as newly created in SAP) were considered high risk for corruption.
enables us to embed responsible sourcing criteria across our The importance of conducting business in an ethical and part of our ERM process, we conduct additional assessments business relationships.
All activities are based on our Procurementcompliant manner is at the forefront of all of our interactions and to identify such risks across business areas and geographies.
Third parties are blocked from all transactions in our enterprise Policy, which was enhanced in 2023 with the fundamentalis anchored in our Code of Conduct.
We take a zero-tolerance Where higher risks are identified, controls and mitigation plans resource planning (ERP) system until a satisfactory conclusion principles of responsible sourcing.
A Responsible Sourcingapproach to bribery and corruption and we are committed to are developed and implemented as required.
of the due diligence process and risk assessment.
All third party Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) was implemented to provideacting professionally, fairly and with integrity at all times.
diligence processes are managed via integrated systems.
For more detailed guidance for the program's implementation.In 2023, a company-wide ABAC risk assessment was initiated, more details on overall supply chain due diligence, please see Our annual Code of Conduct training for all colleagues, evaluating the robustness of our program and identifying areas the Responsible Supply Chain section.
The Responsible Sourcing team is located within the Procurementincluding the EC and the Board, contains an anti-bribery and for enhancement.
The risk assessment covers 100% of our Excellence function, which directly reports to the Head ofanti-corruption (ABAC) segment.
operations.
It was conducted internally utilizing external We also conduct risk assessments related to compliance with Procurement and Supply Chain.
The team is responsibleresources and following the UNGC process guidance for our ABAC policies and procedures when there is an internal for Lonza's Responsible Sourcing Program and coordinating Key elements of our ABAC Policy and frequently asked questions assessing corruption risk.
Generally speaking, we assessed risks report of related wrongdoing.
This includes a review of supplier sustainability and decarbonization initiatives globally.
Weare displayed on our intranet to supplement our training programs.
and controls related to operations in higher-risk countries and transactions and other factors related to the allegation.
In derive yearly targets from our Responsible Sourcing Roadmap,As with all ethics and compliance policies, our ABAC Policy engagement with governmental authorities and agents, including 2023, we conducted one such assessment and implemented including performance on:is accessible to colleagues in multiple languages.
for site permitting and production authorization purposes and controls to mitigate the identified risk.
This included additionalsales and distribution to government-owned entities.
ABAC training for certain employees in the location where the - Spend coverage with supplier sustainability evaluations In addition, the Supplier Code of Conduct sets out our commitments risk was identified.
- N umber of suppliers engaged as part of our decarbonizationto working against corruption and bribery within our supply chain Initiative(please see more information in the Responsible Supply Chainsection).
Our supply chain partners are encouraged to report Supply Chain Responsibility Performance is reviewed on a monthly basis through digitalany violations via e-mail or the Hotline.
dashboards.
In 2023, the dashboards were directly linked to Our responsible sourcing approach focuses on embedding external supplier evaluation providers, enabling simple live ESG principles and compliance with applicable regulations monitoring of supplier performance.Six step process for conducting an anti-corruption risk assessment (UNGC) within our procurement management processes.
Dialogue andintensive collaboration with our suppliers are both essential forachieving responsible consumption and production, in alignment 1 2 3 4 5 6 with our ambitions under SDG 12. In 2023, we enhanced ourresponsible sourcing program to enable a comprehensive viewof sustainability and decarbonization aspects along our supply Establish the Identify Rate the Identify Calculate Developchain.
SDG 12 R esponsible Consumptionprocess the risks inherent risk and rate residual risk action planand Productionmitigatingcontrols" We have further strengthened the Lonza Supplier Basecollaboration with our suppliers and valuechain partners for the assurance of Supplier Location % of spend number of Suppliers 10 % direct / % indirect ethics and compliance and for the Adapted from the UNGC publication: A Guide for Anti-Corruption Risk Assessment, ©2013 UNGCAPAC 15% >3,200 10% / 90% reduction of Scope 3 emissions."EMEA 59% >7,300 9% / 91 percentChristian Seufert, President,6 R eflects the employee headcount as of February 1, 2023, excluding employees on leave or newly hired and therefore not enrolled in the training and corresponding communicationincluding anti-corruption policies and procedures.
Americas 26% >4,100 15% / 85% Capsules & Health Ingredients (CHI)7 O ur Supplier Code of Conduct contains anti-corruption policies and procedures for reporting wrongdoing, and it is integrated into electronic ordering systems and contractual termsthroughout the Group.
Our supplier base is depicted in the Supply Chain Responsibility section.8 A ll in the EMEA region.9 O ur annual Code of Conduct training, including the ABAC segment, was launched at the end of 2023 to all employees and certain contingent workers.
Completion rates for EC and 10 Numbers in this chapter concern indirect and direct spend for January to December 2023 Board members and employees are as of January 31, 2024. Policies are available for employees and contingent workers with access to such systems in our document management inclusive, as consolidated by the end of January 2024. These exclude out of scope spend,system, on our internal Ethics and Compliance portal and were communicated to employees and contingent workers who are assigned the annual training.
such as spend with intracompany, taxes, donations, pensions, etc.24 25
Sustainability Report 2023 Responsibility In 2023, our Supplier Code of Conduct was fully revised We use Eco Vadis online questionnaires and Tf S or PSCI on-site Supplier Sustainability Initiative for Existing Suppliers 2022 2023 to reflect our expectations of suppliers, based on our latest audits to evaluate suppliers within this framework.number of suppliers assessed for environmental impacts 2,434 3,474 sustainability and decarbonization requirements.
It covers areas number of suppliers identified as having actual or potential significant negative environmental impacts 49 86 of ethics (including ABAC and conflict minerals), labor and human For other suppliers, alternative types of sustainability evaluations Percentage of suppliers identified as having actual or potential significant negative environmental impacts 41% 44 percentrights (including child labor), health, safety, environment (including are accepted, such as the Integrity Next self-assessments thatand with whom improvements were agreed as a result of assessmentscience-based climate action), governance and management we piloted in 2023.number of suppliers assessed for social impacts 2,434 3,469 systems.
It is now integrated into electronic ordering systems number of suppliers identified as having actual or potential significant negative social impacts 33 49 and contractual terms throughout the Group.2022 2023 Percentage of suppliers identified as having actual or potential significant negative social impacts and with 18% 53 percentwhom improvements were agreed as a result of assessment We also developed and implemented a Responsible Sourcing Percentage of spend from suppliers having 33% 72 percenta sustainability evaluationcontract clause globally.
In addition, 10 key category strategieswere updated with Responsible Sourcing principles and anassociated engagement roadmap.
The most frequently identified negative environmental and As part of our due diligence process, we differentiate between Based on the risk evaluation results, we work with selected social impacts are gaps in suppliers' sustainability management three levels of child labor risk:We are involved in industry-led initiatives to collectively suppliers to devise a corrective action plan (CAP) in Eco Vadis, systems, such as lack of policies, reporting or actions ondrive positive change within the value chain, including the support with CAP implementation and monitor progress until a human rights issues, as well as insufficient measures related • A n actual risk is identified in case of controversies or negative UN Global Compact Network Switzerland & Liechtenstein, re-evaluation takes place.
In 2023, more than 60% of re-evaluated to working conditions or employee health and safety, mostly events confirmed via a supplier sustainability evaluation, alertsthe PSCI Scope 3 Working Group, the Scope 3 Peer Group, suppliers improved their sustainability scores compared to their for suppliers located in North America and APAC.
In line with systems or external sources.
If a confirmed child labor incidentthe Bio Phorum Sustainability PCF Working Group and the last evaluation.
This year, we also completed several key supplier our Sustainability Risk Evaluation Framework, we collaborate occurs, we engage with the relevant suppliers to restate our Together for Sustainability initiative.
These associations aim site audits, and communicated where compliance gaps were with suppliers on closing the gaps through CA Ps.
In 2023, no expectations on human rights, initiate a dialogue on enhancingto establish and harmonize supply chain oversight regarding found.
We continue to track their resulting remediation plans.
business relationship with suppliers was terminated as a result human rights due diligence in the supply chain and check thatgovernance and sustainability, enhancing supplier performance of the environmental and social assessment.
a remediation response is provided.
In 2023, we identifiedfor pharmaceutical and chemical value chains.
To determine a risk level for non-evaluated suppliers, and thus through our diligence tools one confirmed child labor incidentprioritize further follow-up, we conduct a desktop supplier Due Diligence Process on Child Labor in our Supply Chain in a US third-party services provider of two direct suppliers We were again awarded with the silver medal from Eco Vadis in ESG risk classification using a methodology developed by We have put in place a due diligence process in relation to of ours.
The incident was not directly associated with the 2023, with a higher score in sustainable procurement compared Integrity Next.
It is based on online indices of ESG risks, related child labor, which consists of the following elements: manufacturing of the product provided by our direct suppliers.to previous years - an acknowledgment of our advanced to countries (e.grams., UNICEF's Children's Rights in the Workplace As we usually have no direct contractual relationships withmanagement system for responsible sourcing.
Index) and industries.
• A supply chain policy reflecting child labor due diligence our upstream supply chain, we seek to collaborate with ourobligations, which is publicly communicated in the form of direct suppliers, with whom we initiate corrective actions Responsible Sourcing our Supplier Code of Conduct.
It clearly communicates our on the monitoring and enforcement of human rights due Our responsible sourcing program, aligned with the OECD Due expectations to our suppliers and promotes respect for human diligence obligations within their operations and with their Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct, is an ESG Risk Distribution [% Spend] rights subcontractorsintegral component of our sourcing process.
Our procurement • R eporting tools regarding concerns around child labor in the • A potential risk is derived from performance gaps in abuyers make use of this transparency to ensure adherence to supply chain through our Ethics and Compliance Hotline, as supplier's child labor management system, as highlighted inthe Supplier Code of Conduct principles and to continuously well as due diligence alert systems the sustainability evaluation results.
We focus on mitigatingimprove sustainability and decarbonization performance in • A risk management process according to the likelihood of risks related to suppliers without evidence of policies orthe value chain.
occurrence and severity of adverse impacts to identify, assess, actions on child labor in their operations and supply chain,eliminate, prevent, minimize or mitigate the risks of potential by requesting them to work on Corrective Action Plans.
In Supplier Sustainability Initiative for Incumbent Suppliers and actual cases of child labor in the supply chain 2023, we identified 7 suppliers, mainly located in APAC, with This program aims to identify, measure and mitigate the • Traceability measures through the addition of supplier country potential risks of child labor and triggered corrective actions ESG risks of our existing suppliers, including conflict minerals information in our risk identification process for all of themand child labor.
All applied evaluation methodologies generally • A theoretical risk is identified based their location (country)include environmental criteria (including climate and energy), and industry related risks.
In such cases, we request oursocial standards (including child labor), ethics, and health and Leading (0.1%) Partial (7.1%) suppliers to perform a sustainability evaluation to confirm Advanced (22.9%) Insufficient (0.7%)safety, among others.
Strategic or critical suppliers are evaluated that they have child labor risk management systems in place.Committed (41.0%) Not assessed (28.2%)based on our Supplier Sustainability Risk Evaluation Framework Based on the results, suppliers are then prioritized for furtherconsidering criteria such as purchasing volume and actual or due diligence through the Supplier Sustainability Initiative forpotential sustainability risks.11 Incumbent Suppliers.
In 2023, we identified 23 suppliers,mainly located in North America and APAC, with theoreticalrisks of child labor and will invite all of them to a sustainability Ambition 2028:evaluation in 2024 Suppliers representing 90% of Lonza'sspend to have a sustainability evaluation 11 I n addition to the supplier evaluations described here, we perform an additional third partyscreening and risk assessment for new vendors, specifically screening for social non-compliance topics (see ABAC section).26 27
Sustainability Report 2023 Responsibility Due Diligence Process on Conflict Minerals in our Based on our evaluation, we engage with selected suppliers to Supply Chain further understand their climate action plans, drive improvement Our Public Policy Statement on Conflict Minerals forms the measures and share best practice, either independently or inbasis of our due diligence program.
It clearly communicates partnership with other pharmaceutical companies.
In 2023,our expectations to our suppliers and promotes responsible 41 suppliers have successfully obtained approval for their climatesourcing of 3 TGs (tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold).
targets from SB Ti.In 2023, our screening of imported volumes of 3 TGs did not Training and Development of the Procurement Communityidentify any relevant mineral import above legal thresholds and our Supplierswhich would require additional due diligence.
Lonza is therefore To support the continual information flow, training andexempt from the Swiss due diligence and reporting obligations education of our suppliers, we have launched our Responsibleon minerals and metals from conflict-affected areas under Art.
Supplier Toolkit.
The toolkit summarizes our Responsible 964 j-k of the Swiss Code of Obligations.
Nevertheless, we work Sourcing program, initiatives and targets, providing practicalclosely with direct relevant suppliers to ensure conflict-free guidance and expected behavior to meet our minimum standardssourcing of 3 TGs.
In 2023, 53% of such suppliers have provided in terms of sustainability risks and decarbonization maturity levels.evidence showcasing sourcing practices of 3 TGs consistent with The toolkit is available in relevant languages via our Responsiblethe OECD Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains Sourcing webpage and our Eco Vadis Supplier Landing Page.of Minerals, and we continuously work to close the gap.Through our membership in the Together for Sustainability Supplier Decarbonization Initiative for Incumbent Suppliers initiative, our suppliers have access to the Tf S Academy, a free This initiative aims to identify, measure and reduce the Greenhouse Gas learning and capability platform focused on sustainability topics,emissions of our suppliers in alignment with the Paris Agreement.
including environment, health and safety, labor and human We have set a science-based target for Scope 3 in the form rights, governance and sustainable procurement.
We also inviteof a supplier engagement target.
This target applies to Scope selected suppliers to live webinars on the Eco Vadis assessment 3 categories of purchased goods and services, capital goods, and Corrective Action Plans, organized by Tf S.and upstream transportation and distribution, which representthe largest share of our total Scope 3 footprint.
These suppliers To support our Procurement professionals with access toare evaluated based on our Supplier Decarbonization Maturity information, training and education, we have embedded the Tf SEvaluation Framework.
Academy into our Procurement learning pathways.
Thesemandatory pathways are customized to the employee's role(operational, strategic or advanced procurement) and include Ambition 2028:courses on key Responsible Sourcing topics (e.grams.
supplier Suppliers representing 67% of Scope 3 decarbonization, conflict minerals, supplier engagement onemissions to set science-based targets sustainability).
In total, over 1,000 courses were completedby 78% of the target audience in the first year of Tf S Academydeployment (from February 2023 to February 2024).2022 2023 Other trainings include 12:Percentage of Scope 3 emissions from 4% 18 percentsuppliers having science-based targets • F undamentals on our sustainability policies, attended by 90 percentof the target audience (251)• Responsible Sourcing SOP, attended by 95% of the targetaudience (200)Decarbonization Maturity Distribution [% Spend] • Supplier Code of Conduct, attended by 94% of the targetaudience (207)Finally, internal stakeholders were further trained on thenew Responsible Sourcing program through a targeted internalcommunications campaign, a dedicated webpage and in-housewebinars in focal areas such as ESG assessments, correctiveaction plans, climate change and Greenhouse Gas accounting.Leading (0.0%) Partial (16.3%)Advanced (14.2%) Insufficient (55.2%) 12 F igures refer to the audience that the training was assigned to, and do not include Committed (14.3%) contingent workers who are not employed by Lonza.28 29
Sustainability Report 2023 Environment Environment The graphs show the three 2030 intensity targets and the 2023 Energy Our Progress in 2023 achievement levels, based on million CHF sales to factor incontinued growth over time.
Our intensity targets were set in In 2023, as part of our Greenhouse Gas-emission reduction Our operations require energy, typically in the form of natural gas 2019, therefore we took the most recent year with complete data strategy, we submitted the letter of commitment and electricity, which is consumed at our sites for manufacturingat the time as base year.
The targets also reflect our diverse and or infrastructure processes.
This is the largest contributor to ourto the Science Based Targets initiative (SB Ti) and At a group level, we continually strive to reduce our impact on evolving product portfolio, which includes the manufacturing of climate-relevant emissions.
We therefore focus our efforts onnear-term targets to reduce absolute Scopenatural systems and the environment, with a focus on energy, pharmaceutical ingredients, medical capsules, food supplements, reducing Greenhouse Gas emissions by improving energy-efficiency at ourgreenhouse gases, water and waste.
Our "Vision Zero" initiative gene therapies and cell media, and the licensing of technologies 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions by 42% by the end of sites.
As explained, it is our priority to source electricity fromspecifically aims to eliminate adverse events like workplace and systems.
Such diversity can be normalized with a financial 2030 (2021 base year) and to set a supplier renewable sources in order to decouple electricity consumptionaccidents, environmental and process incidents.
Programs are denominator.
Intensity targets can also be carried forward in engagement target for Scope 3. and Greenhouse Gas emissions.developed by the global functions and implemented at site level the event of acquisitions or divestments.based on a Safety and Sustainability Plan issued annually to all Our footprint-reduction goals encompass existing facilities,We have initiated a program to replace our Lonza sites, aligning priorities and goals.
The group and sites Performance improvements are the responsibility of divisional as well as investments in new assets, buildings and facilities.
Ourbuild multi-year roadmaps to enable continuity of improvement operations management and the site-networks.
At site level, traditional power mix with renewable power, capital expenditure approval process includes a sustainabilityand consistency over the years.
operations, engineering, and EHS departments are responsible for which forms a major pillar of our Greenhouse Gas reduction assessment of large and mid-size projects.
The investmentdevising and developing multi-year rolling safety and sustainability project must make a contribution towards the company's ES Gstrategy.
We aim to do this by establishingroadmaps.
These are designed to drive compliance, efficiency targets by using energy and water efficient technologies.
We 2030 Targets and safety at site level, thereby participating in the overall virtual power purchase agreements (VPP As), implemented standards for "sustainability by design", aiming Base year 2018, total Company (Per CHF 1 Million Sales) sustainability target achievement.
Some local goals can be added installing onsite capacity, and purchasing to optimize key utilities such as HVAC, quality water systems,to the group plan, based on the materiality analysis conducted renewable energy certificates from projects efficient building envelopes and infrastructure.
We have also Energy Intensity Greenhouse Gas Intensity Waste Intensity at site level (such as water or air emissions limits).
adopted a comparative footprint calculator to calculate GH Gassuring additionality, where available.[Gigajoules/meter CHF] [Scope 1 and 2/meter CHF] [mt/meter CHF] savings from the outset.Data on energy consumption, related Greenhouse Gas emissions, effluents,waste, water and other emissions are reported quarterly by In 2023, we signed a ten-year VPPA with a Since 2018, we have worked with a partner to analyze data for 35% 44% 40% each site to Corporate EHS and Global Sustainability, a process renewable energy company to generate more electricity sourcing, contracting, supply and demand patterns,described in detail in the reporting procedure.
This data and and to centralize data from all sites into one platform.
This has Reduction Reduction Reduction than 300 gigawatt-hours of solar power annually, matching 2023 2023 2023 information form the basis for tracking performance, planning given us a better understanding of how and where to further Lonza's electricity needs across Switzerlandfuture reduction goals and creating action plans to meet targets.
improve energy efficiency and cost management.
In addition,and the European Union.
End of 2023 we also some sites have adopted energy management systems aligned 50% Target 50% Target 50% Target have secured an industry-first renewable power with the ISO 50000 framework, which includes an energy team,2030 2030 2030 purchase agreement in China together with four policy, target setting and a rolling action plan.We have reported within the CD Pglobal pharma companies.
Partners have beenframework since 2007. We also maintain Overall, despite some scarcity and increasing prices, weconvened through The Sustainable Marketsexperienced no shortfalls in energy supply in 2023. We continuereporting on other platforms, such as Renewable Electricity Ambition Initiative Health Systems Task Force.
This multi- to monitor sufficient availability, and continue the efforts for Eco Vadis, to exchange sustainability dataparty agreement will unlock access to green security of supply, especially in Europe.across the supply chain.power in China and help Lonza decarbonize Energy Consumption within the Organization 100% the electricity consumption in this region.
In We collect and analyze energy data by site, by division and 2023, 38% of the electricity we consumed across the company.
Purchased fuels, electricity and steam arewas procured and sourced from renewable metered directly or derived from the total facility consumptionto reflect our proportionate consumption in rented multi-sources.
Following our commitment to SB Ti,occupant facilities.
We use fuels in our manufacturing processes Renewable we will adjust our targets for the mid-term tofor utility generation such as steam, heating, cooling, quality Electricity by 2025 reach the required Greenhouse Gas reduction.
water, ventilation, air conditioning, refrigeration and transport.(where available)The majority of fuel we consume is natural gas, followed byelectricity and energy generated on site, mainly through the In the reporting year, we recorded again aincineration of gaseous by-products, solvents and waste.
Ourreduction in the intensity measurements fortotal energy consumption has been slightly increasing sinceall performance indicators.
The reduction 2018, at much lower rate than our growth.was driven by efficiency gains, alongside thegrowth of our business without major footprint 2021 2022 2023 increases.
It is also a consequence of a portfolio Net Energy Consumption [TJ] 5,834 6,299 6,442 shift, to more biologic processes and higher-value compound sales.30 31
Sustainability Report 2023 Environment Water In addition, each major site assesses local water risks and We monitor and measure both industrial water, which Lonza Energy Consumption 2023 opportunities every three to five years, by sharing information may be altered chemically or physically by the manufacturing Water is used for a variety of purposes across our businesses, related to water availability, legal requirements, infrastructure processes, and non-contact cooling water (unchanged, except Diesel [TJ] 2 including heat transfer, cooling, steam generation, washing and capability and costs.
Risks may include periodic water scarcity, for temperature), as well as other indicators of water sourcing Fuel Oil [TJ] 39 cleaning, sanitization, and is also used as a product ingredient.
droughts or other supply limitations, discharge restrictions, and output.Gasoline [TJ] 2 As a precious natural resource, it must be actively managed - emerging regulations, and risks associated with a direct discharge LPG [TJ] 6 especially in water-scarce locations.
to natural water bodies or to publicly owned wastewater 2021 2022 2023 Natural Gas [TJ] 2,995 treatment plants.
Opportunities may include ways to improve Industrial Water Used [thousand meter 3] 3,551 3,273 3,074 Self-Generated Energy (Waste, Processes) [TJ] 2,062 Access to clean, plentiful and potable water is critical to ensuring internal recycling of industrial water, water conservation and Total Fuel Consumption from Non-Renewable Sources[TJ] 5,106 the quality of our products.
Our sites have not experienced resource efficiency, ground and surface water protection, and Cooling Water Used [thousand meter 3] 33,385 29,546 29,028 Biomass (Wood) [TJ] 66 water shortage impacting operations.
Nonetheless, we are taking better discharge quality.
Our sites are required to identify Total Fuel Consumption from Renewable Sources[TJ] 66 various measures to reduce water consumption and minimize stakeholders to address water needs in their local water basindownstream effects through effluents, balancing water withdrawal and downstream, as well as availability and quality.
Each site is responsible for keeping the water balance Purchased Electricity Non-Renewable [TJ] 1,468 impacts with communities and the local environment.
Internal updated, which serves as the basis to define areas of focus for Purchased Electricity Renewable [TJ] 897 standards on water and wastewater include a requirement In countries such as India and Mexico where freshwater is projects to reduce water consumption and/or increase water Renewable Electricity (On-Site) [TJ] 11 for sites to have a water balance to understand and optimize periodically scarce, we may be exposed to water shortages or recycling.
The effectiveness of these measures has delivered Total Electricity Consumption [TJ] 2,376 water use, recycle water and eliminate losses.
We require sites restrictions, water price volatility and a decline in water quality.
a continuous improvement of our industrial water intensity, as Purchased Steam [TJ] 1,706 to reduce water usage through asset optimization and process To mitigate water-related risks, sites track their water balance shown in the chart below.
Each site is also working to improve its Energy Produced for Others [TJ] 2,811 changes, to promote water recycling and reuse, and to treat and derive water management programs to meet agreed reduction understanding of water consumption by asset or building, where Net Consumption [TJ] 6,442 effluents according to permits and internal limit values.
targets.
Sites in water-stressed regions and geographies additional metering may be required.
Globally, in line with ourincorporate measures to optimize water consumption and commitment to SDG 6 (Clean Water and Sanitation), we plan tomanagement into their sustainability roadmaps.
build on the completed risk and opportunity assessment with a Energy Intensity mid-term action plan to reach our ambition of reducing industrial In 2023, the energy intensity value was 959 Gigajoules/million CHF Water Withdrawal by Source 2023 water intensity by 2030 by approximately 50%.
This corresponds At our Singapore site, the team is actively adopting water(considering all energy types), a decrease of 35% compared to an intensity reduction ambition of 10% per annum.conservation measures.
The site team initiated its firstto the 2018 base year (with 5,520 TJ, and an intensity of 1,470 Groundwater Wells [thousand meter 3] 2,839 step in harvesting rainwater to use in cooling processes.Gigajoules/million CHF).
This demonstrates progress towards our 2030 Public Supply [thousand meter 3] 3,981 target of a 50% reduction in energy consumed per CHF million of Surface Water Bodies [thousand meter 3] 22,179 Collected rainwater will be filtered and treated beforesales.
This decrease is driven by strong growth and is tempered Total Water Withdrawn [thousand meter 3] 29,000 being pumped into the cooling water network.
This simple Industrial Water Intensitymeasure will save 3,000 meter 3 a year and achieve paybackby a minor increase in energy consumption as new assets came meter 3/meter CH Fin less than six years.online, supported by many energy reduction projects.
We alsobenefit from an increasing proportion of modern, energy-efficient 1,200 buildings, assets and production technologies.
The effectivenessof these measures has led to a sustained reduction in energy SDG 6 Clean Water and Sanitation 1,000 intensity, as shown in the chart below." Water is a universal need for all people, communities 800 and our company.
With many activities (from small tolarge actions) already delivering results, and further 600 plans articulated, I am delighted both Energy Consumption Intensity 400 with the progress made in 2023 and - as Gigajoules/meter CH Fimportant -the commitment shown by our 200 employees across the world to support 1,600 our stated ambition to reduce water 01,400 consumption." 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 20231,200 Gordon Bates,1,000 President, Small Molecules Division 80060040020002018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Intensity 2030 Target 32 33
Sustainability Report 2023 Environment Water Discharge In addition, sites that handle Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients Greenhouse Gas emissions are typically categorized into three groups:According to our Water and Wastewater Standard, we work (AP Is) - which are viewed as substances of concern in this Scope 1 from fuel use in our operations, Scope 2 from electricity Lonza Greenhouse Gas Emissions (Scope 1 & 2)to reduce effluents by controlling and reducing water inputs, area - adopt a risk-based approach to wastewater discharge.
and purchased steam, and Scope 3 from indirect emissions Greenhouse Gas emissions [tons CO-eq]2 optimizing effluent pre-treatments, setting water recycling This approach is based on current industry practice endorsed in our value chain, e.grams. raw materials, construction projectsproposed base yeartargets and selecting appropriate terminal treatments.
by PSCI.
It involves comparing the predicted environmental and transport.
Our direct Greenhouse Gas emissions result mainly from 600,000 concentration (PEC, determined by mass balance or analytical combustion processes for energy conversion and include As the Standard does not set quantitative limits for the wastewater measurement) with the predicted no effect concentration incineration of waste onsite, both of which we also perform 500,000 discharge, final effluents are managed and controlled according (PNEC).
Potential adverse effects are investigated in detail and as a service to industrial partners in Visp (CH)13.
For example,400,000 to the parameters permitted by local authorities' wastewater a tailored approach is taken, which may include a change to these waste incineration services for external parties constitutepermits.
Any deviations are reported within the environmental the cleaning process, incineration of first rinse or any other a significant part of our Greenhouse Gas-footprint, in the range of 10% of 300,000 incident reporting system.
Sites hold local permits and follow appropriate method.
our Scope 1 emissions.all local requirements related to water treatment and relevant 200,000 wastewater discharge parameters, including quantity and Due to the diverse nature of water effluent requirements, wechemical limit values.
do not report on discharge water quality.
The water emission SDG 13 Climate Action 100,000 parameters listed below are tracked at sites where the following" We are dedicated to science.
0 In locations where such requirements have not been formalized emissions are relevant: heavy metals, nitrogen, organics (COD and We have set science-based 2021 2022 2023 by the authorities, sites work in accordance with the Standard TOC) and phosphorus and other locally permitted parameters.targets to reduce our greenhouseto minimize the quantity of materials discharged and make sure In 2023, we recorded a total of 13 incidents of discharge Scope 1 and 2 Location-based proposed 2030 SB Ti targetgas emissions by 2030, as a majorthat no potentially hazardous compounds (such as flammable permit deviation.
None of these incidents entailed significant Scope 1 and 2 Market-basedstep to net-zero by 2050."substances) are discharged in such quantity that the risk to fines or prosecution.people or environment would not be acceptable.Maria Soler,Climate Plan Head of Group Operations Thanks to several improvement projects, colleagues at Lonza Water Discharge 2023 Our Ambitionour Slough (UK) site have reduced water consumption• Our ambition is to achieve net-zero by 2050 or earlierby 55 meter 3 per day (compared to 2018 levels).
For example,Water Discharged to Sewer [thousand meter 3] 3,116 • To enable focused progress and achievement, we definedthe site introduced new filters that resulted in less water Water to Water Bodies [thousand meter 3] 29,071 We focus on managing total energy consumption, energy science-based near-term targets which were submitted toconsumption and halved the process time.
The consumption Total Water Discharged [thousand meter 3] 32,187 sources and waste, and the overall energy mix.
To decouple Greenhouse Gas SB Ti in August 2023 of water for injection (WFI) - a specially prepared, sterileemissions from energy consumption, we work to increase the • O nce the near-term process has been established, we willand distilled water - was reduced, alongside the GH Gproportion of renewable electricity (such as wind, hydro and focus on long-term targets and define the next steps tofootprint of the operation.
Other improvements includedsolar).
Our sites include energy efficiency and waste reduction achieve net-zeroremoving redundant water lines and optimizing tank filling Greenhouse Gas Emissions measures in their roadmaps, and in some cases apply low-and sanitization.carbon energy alternatives, such as biomass.
For new assets The increase in global Greenhouse Gas emissions is causing and accelerating and buildings our Sustainable Design Standard requires energyclimate change.
This is triggering an increase in average and water efficiency and the use of sustainable technologies.temperature, and increasing the number of severe weather We also participate in research projects to evaluate carbonevents including droughts, floods, fires, storms, and rising sea capture opportunities.levels.
These events can have negative impacts, including foodand water scarcity, land erosion, and damages to the built and In 2023, we committed to the SB Ti, setting a reduction target ofnatural environments.
The impacts could potentially affect our 42% (absolute Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions) for 2030 comparedoperations and our capability to provide the products, services to 2021 levels, and established a supplier engagement targetand technologies needed for the healthcare value chain and for Scope 3.patients. We started evaluating the risks of climate change to ouroperations and the company, please see the Risk Managementsection of this report.Energy generation from fossil fuels, waste incineration and otherindustrial processes result also in additional emissions, such asparticulate matter (PM), nitrogen oxides (NOx), sulfur dioxide(SO 2) and volatile organic compounds (VOC).
We continuouslymonitor and control such emissions to comply with statutorylimits and to reduce them beyond regulatory requirements.13 The Greenhouse Gas emissions from the operations of Bio Atrium Ltd.
and Bac Thera Ltd.
(the Lonzastrategic partnerships with Sanofi and Chr.
Hansen Holding A/S, respectively) in our Visp(CH) site are included in these numbers, since we have operational control of the utilitiesmanagement of those facilities.34 35
Sustainability Report 2023 Environment Total Scope 2 Emissions 2021 2022 2023 Climate Transition Plan Lonza Scope 3 Emissions 2023 Location-based [thousand metric 215 224 228 tons CO-eq]2 Market-based [thousand metric tons 204 205 202 CO-eq]22023 2025 2026-2027 2030 Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions SB Ti Ambition 100% Long-Term SB Ti Near-Term Scope 3 includes Greenhouse Gas emissions from purchased goods and Commitment Renewable targets defined SB Ti targets services, construction, business travel, upstream and downstream Electricity achieved transportation, waste disposal, employee commuting, etc. Asof 2021, we began to quantify our Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions onan annual basis 15.Purchased Goods and Business Travel (Category 6)Services (Category 1) (65%) (1%)Capital Goods (Category 2) Employee Commuting(16%) (Category 7) (2%)Total Scope 3 Emissions 2021 2022 2023 Fuel and Energy Related D ownstream Transportation Our Proposed Science-Based Near-Term Targets Total Scope 3 Emissions [thousand 1,786 1,847 1,876 Activities (Category 3) (5%) and Distribution (Category 9)By 2030, we aim to: Lonza Scope 1 Emissions Sources 2023 metric tons CO 2 -eq] Upstream Transportation and (1%)Scope 3 Intensity [tons CO-eq/ Distribution (Category 4) (8%) End-of-Life Treatment of Soldmillion CHF] 2 330 297 279 Waste Generated in Products (Category 12) (<1%)• Switch to 100% renewable electricity for our operations Operations (Category 5) (2%)globally, where available through VPP As with a focus onadditional electricity generation assets.
In some cases, wewill build onsite renewable electricity capabilities.
We may As generally observed in our industry, Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions Calculations for the Purchased Goods and Services, Capitalalso use certificates of renewable assets aligned with RE 100 are considerably higher than Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions.
Goods and Upstream Transportation categories are based oncriteria A significant proportion of our Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions can spend data covering Q 4 2022 to Q 3 2023; all other data refer• E nsure that our growth has the smallest operative Greenhouse Gas be attributed to purchased goods and services and capital to Full-Year 2023. Upstream leased assets (category 8) arefootprint possible, by integrating sustainability into the design expenditure.
Waste disposal and fuel- and energy-related activities included in Scope 1 and 2. Other categories are not integratedof new assets (not included in Scope 1 and 2) also contribute, though to a into the calculation, because they are either negligible or the Liquid Fossil Fuels (1%) Purchased CO (<1%)• C apture opportunities to upgrade end-of-life assets to 2 lesser extent, because emissions from the significant amounts data collection and modeling is not feasible.Chemical Processes (2%) On-site Waste-to-Energy (49%)newer, leaner technology to reduce Greenhouse Gas footprint, develop Natural Gas (48%) Biobased Fuels (<1%) of waste incinerated onsite in Visp (CH) are reported underenergy efficiency projects to eliminate energy waste, pursue Scope 1. Business travel, employee commuting and downstream Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensityan electrification strategy wherever possible, and switch to distribution are all comparatively minor contributors to our total The carbon emission intensity values from Scope 1 andbiogenic fuels where feasible Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions.
Scope 2 (location-based) decreased by 44% in 2023 (compared• Engage our suppliers to set science-based targets Scope 2 encompasses Greenhouse Gas emissions from purchased to the 2018 base year, with 545 thousand tons CO-eq, and an 2 electricity and steam.
At Lonza-owned sites, purchased electricity As a central element of our commitment to SDG 12 (Responsible intensity of 145 tons CO-eq /meter CHF) to 81 tons CO-eq/meter CHF.2 2 Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas Emissions and steam is measured directly on our own metering devices.
Consumption and Production), we have defined a science-based The reduction effect is driven by the proportionate increase in Scope 1 includes direct Greenhouse Gas emissions from fuels or other In rented multi-occupant facilities, consumption is derived target and roadmap to reduce our Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions.
We sales and technology shifts.
Absolute Greenhouse Gas emissions from oursources that we either own or control.
Specific factors are from the total facility consumption to reflect our proportionate have started engaging suppliers that make the largest contribution operations (Scope 1 and 2) had a minor increase compared toused for calculating emissions from fuel combustion (CO, CH consumption.
to our Greenhouse Gas footprint to understand their ambitions and actions 2022 (less than 1%).2 4 and NO), including from company-owned vehicles 14. CO and to reduce Greenhouse Gas emissions (see Supply Chain Responsibility 2 2 NO emissions from other on-site processes, such as chemical We report Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas values using two quantification methods: Chapter).162 reactions or waste incineration, are directly measured, calculated location-based and market-based Greenhouse Gas emissions.
The location-or estimated by each site.
Parts of our Scope 1 emissions originate based method reflects the total electricity consumption of the The underlying approximations rely on average industry datafrom on-site waste and waste gas incineration, to treat final site, multiplied by local electricity grid average emission factors.
and therefore carry some level of uncertainty.
We continuewaste streams and produce heat.
We perform infrastructure The market-based method reflects calculated emissions from to focus on improving data validation and analysis to ensureservices for neighboring industry-park companies such as waste electricity contracts we have selectively purchased, including sufficient granularity and reduction plans on the categoriesincineration, steam generation and delivery, which form a large renewable certificates or green tariffs.
Location-based values are with the highest contribution.part of our Scope 1 balance.
used to track energy efficiency gains against our Greenhouse Gas targets.Efficiency in this context means producing higher output orachieving higher sales with the same amount of energy input 2021 2022 2023 and related emissions.
Market-based values will be used for Total Scope 1 Emissions [thousand our science-based target setting and also to measure our 325 321 319 metric tons CO-eq] continuing efforts to replace fossil fuel generated electricity 2 with renewable electricity.15 Also for Scope 3 we work to follow the latest GWP published in the AR 6 - the Sixth Assessment Report of the IPCC, wherever possible.
Emission factors used for Scope 314 Each Greenhouse Gas has a specific Global Warming Potential (GWP).
We work to follow the latest GWP are from sources such as the UK DEFRA, ecoinvent, US Environmentally-Extended Input-published by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), namely AR 6 - the Output databases.Sixth Assessment Report of the IPCC, wherever possible.
Emission factors used for Scope 1 16 We will have a SB Ti supplier engagement target under Scope 3. Our SB Ti Scope 1, 2 and 3 and 2 are from sources such as UK DEFRA, USA e Grid or the International Energy Agency.
base year will be 2021, as the full year dataset for our near-term targets.36 37
Sustainability Report 2023 Environment In addition to our intensity target, and in line with our commitment Our waste is managed by third parties that have been Waste Intensity Avoidto SDG 13 (Climate Action), we have defined internal targets on approved by the relevant authorities and our local sites.
We In 2023, the waste intensity value decreased by 40% compared Greenhouse Gas emissions from our operations, aiming to achieve absolute have started to implement a waste recycling KPI to measure the to the 2018 base year (with 59 thousand tons, and an intensity ofreductions in line with a near-term science-based target for internal waste recycled or reused onsite (including closed loop) 15.8 tons/million CHF) to 9.5 tons/meter CHF, demonstrating sustained 2030. Metrics for the contribution to this SDG are also linked to help track and incentivize onsite circularity measures.
progress towards our 2030 target of a 50% reduction in waste Reduceto our incentive and compensation framework.
Sites develop their own circularity measures, such as increasing generation per CHF million of sales.
The effectiveness of ourthe number of reuse cycles of solvents, or using biomass waste waste management measures lead to a continuous reductionas fuel.
in total waste intensity, as shown in the chart below.Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity Recycle Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based, Waste Generatedtons CO-eq/mio CHF In line with our corporate reporting guidelines, construction, Waste Intensity 2 demolition, remediation and excavation waste are excluded tons/mio CHF 160 from our sustainability reporting framework.
Only production-Treat 140 related waste is tracked at a corporate level.
Solvents - which 18 are used as fuels at some of our sites - are reported as waste 16120 for fuel, even though they allow us to considerably reduce 14100 natural gas consumption.Dispose 1280 Our sites and divisions focus on reducing waste intensity as 1060 part of their site plans and roadmaps.
These are further supported 840 by new guidance on waste management and minimization.
The 6 Our sites carefully select, oversee and audit their partners for waste 17 generated and disposed of by our continuing operations 20 4 waste transportation and treatment based on performance increased by 3% compared to 2022.0 and capabilities, also regarding safety and sustainability.
22018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 We operate our own waste and wastewater treatment facilities 0 Intensity 2030 Target at specific locations, such as Visp (CH) and Nansha (CN).
2021 2022 2023 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 2023 Intensity 2030 Target Total Waste Disposed [thousand tons] 62.0 61.9 64.1 We are working to increase the efficiency of input materials in Waste production processes, including yield improvement, reworkingoff-specification production, and the re-use of auxiliary materials The amount of waste generated can fluctuate for several As a company operating in the pharma, biotech and nutrition wherever possible to generate sound business and sustainability In Visp (CH) and Nansha (CN), the energy generated in 2023 from reasons, including:markets, including chemical production facilities for AP Is, we benefits.
incinerating waste solvents, by-products and waste was aroundare committed to being transparent with stakeholders and 2,000 TJ.
These waste solvents replaced the consumption of • C hanges in the product portfolio, which might include morelocal communities about how we manage materials, waste and Waste Generation and Significant Waste-Related Impacts 57 million meter 3 of natural gas.
Waste that is sent to landfill mainly or less waste-intensive products and production processeswastewater.
Our communities have a vested interest in waste We aim to reduce the environmental impact of our activities, consists of incinerator ashes and sludges.
• Discarding production batches as a result of quality issuesand water discharge from our production.
while meeting all specifications, quality and safety requirements or expirationin our customer contracts.
As a CDMO, our influence is limited in • The use of SUT and additional cleaning practices Each manufacturing site across our network maintains a waste relation to waste generated by customer-defined manufacturing Lonza Waste Disposal by Destination 2023 • The temporary shutdown of production lines for maintenancedisposal process, tailored to relevant waste streams, for the processes and downstream user behavior.
We therefore focus and optimization purposesefficient and environmentally sound treatment and disposal of improvements on our own operations and the modifications we Waste Hazardous Incinerated [thousand tons] 44.2 waste outputs.
All sites are committed to our waste reduction can elaborate with customers.
Our sites have been making progress with their projects and Waste Hazardous Landfilled [thousand tons] 2.0 and circularity principles (avoid, reduce, recycle) and to the reuse, activities to decrease waste.
Some examples are listed below:Waste Hazardous Recycled [thousand tons] 1.7 treatment and disposal of all waste materials in full compliance The production technology and quality requirements for bio-with local regulations and international standards.
pharmaceutical production have changed in recent years.
Waste Hazardous Treated [thousand tons] 0.03 • Tonnes he reduction of waste intensity for several production facilities Improved cleaning practices, and the use of single use technology by pre-treating contaminated wastewater to make it suitable Total Hazardous Waste [thousand tons] 48.0 Furthermore, our programs aimed at reducing the quantity (SUT) such as plastic bags, and appliances instead of stainless for the wastewater treatment plant and to avoid incinerationof waste and/or increasing the recycling rate will continue steel reactors, are reducing water use for cleaning traditional Waste Non-Hazardous Incinerated [thousand tons] 4.4 • An increase in solvent recycling for several production lines,to mitigate related risk.
The waste management system and vessels.
On the other hand, they have increased SUT plastic Waste Non-Hazardous Landfilled [thousand tons] 5.5 reducing the procurement of fresh solvents.
Concurrently,performance at our manufacturing sites are both subject to waste.
As this technology is growing, and alternative disposal there has been a decrease in the amount of waste solvent Waste Non-Hazardous Recycled [thousand tons] 6.1 regular inspections and audits.
and recycling solutions are not yet broadly available, local incineratedapproaches to disposal must be implemented in the meantime.
Total Non-Hazardous Waste [thousand tons] 16.0 • Process optimization, including the redesign of production The SUT industry is yet to develop a recycling or take-back processes, process streamlining and yield improvements Total Waste [thousand tons] 64.1 system for their sales products or develop reusable assemblyparts that would allow users to reduce the burden.17 Waste is defined as hazardous or non-hazardous by local legal definition.38 39
Sustainability Report 2023 Environment Remediating Legacy Issues Ecosystems and Biodiversity To support efforts to strengthen ecosystems and biodiversity In our Small Molecules division, organic solvents play an important Mercury Remediation beyond our value chain, we made a significant donation to the role in the manufacturing process.
We continue to improve Our site in Visp (CH), the largest in our network, continues Growing consumption of natural resources puts pressure Living Lakes initiative of the Global Nature Fund, a specialist the efficient use, reuse and recycling of solvents.
This reducesto address legacy mercury contamination along a former on natural ecosystems and species.
As demonstrated by the organization which develops and maintains global nature our environmental footprint by minimizing the consumption ofwastewater discharge canal, on surrounding soils and in other planetary boundaries model (Stockholm Resilience Center), conservation and education programs.
The Living Lakes fresh solvents and the amount of waste that is generated andareas where sediments containing mercury were deposited.
This this results in an overdraft effect across several dimensions Biodiversity and Climate Project is an ambitious global effort treated.
We also worked with some of our major customersissue dates back to when Lonza used mercury as a catalyst in of the model including climate change, biosphere integrity, to catalyze the conservation of lakes and wetlands for the to establish this practice, which benefits our company, ourchemical processes.
Between the 1930 s and the 1970 s, before and freshwater cycles.
Biodiversity loss is a result of a range of benefit of both biodiversity and communities.
customers and the environment.
We aim to show our partnersthe construction of the wastewater treatment plant, the site cumulative factors including average temperature increase, that using recycled solvents is feasible from a technical anddischarged industrial wastewater containing mercury into the changing patterns of water availability, land and marine use quality perspective and explain how it is key to achieve ourcanal.
intensity, eutrophication and pollution.
Innovating for Sustainability common decarbonization plans.
In parallel, these projectsreduce production downtime through de-bottlenecking and Since 2013, we have worked closely with local authorities and In the pharma and biotech industry and across the value chain, We are committed to creating value for society by delivering simplified logistics.
In 2023, a new project was started to installcommunities to finance and implement the required technical these trends are well recognized and companies have developed innovative, science-based solutions for our customers in the a pervaporation unit to increase solvent recovery capabilitiesinvestigations in residential areas and agricultural zones between approaches to tackle common issues facing the industry such healthcare industry and their patients.
For an overview of in Visp.
The solvent recycling projects implemented in Small Brig-Glis and Niedergesteln (CH).
Remediation in residential areas as the need to reduce Greenhouse Gas emissions, limit water use, eliminate our most important innovation activities, please refer to the Molecules processes in Switzerland and China avoided morestarted in 2017. By the end of 2023, 157 parcels of land in Visp, contamination, and recover biodiversity.
innovation highlights, which are part of the divisional updates than 2,000 tons of wastewater being incinerated by treating Raron and Brig-Glis (CH) were remediated, representing 93% of in our 2023 Annual Report.
it with other technologies, saving more than 400 tons of fuel-affected residential plots.
Remediation works in the contaminated We view both climate action and water conservation as critical related CO -eq.
In addition, we currently recycle over 10,0002 agricultural area started with a first pilot remediation in 2021 in topics for ecosystems and biodiversity which received high Business-to-business contract manufacturing forms a large tons of solvents, reducing incineration and consumption of Raron (CH), and a second pilot remediation in Visp (CH) in 2022. ratings on our materiality assessment.
We aim to contribute to proportion of our business.
In this context, staying up to date fresh solvents, avoiding approximately more than 40,000 tons Following the completion of the two pilot remediation projects, the ecosystem regeneration with our policy, targets, program with production technology and streamlining manufacturing of CO-eq per year.2 regular remediation work in the agricultural area has been achievements and further commitments (see the respective processes is important in improving efficiency.underway since 2023. By the end of 2023, about 20,000 meter 2 of sections in this report, pages 32 to 38), and we continue to In our Biologics facilities, automated cleaning in place (CIP) island had been remediated, representing approximately 30% of document our progress in this area.
We also report on the In line with our commitment to SDG 9 (Industry, Innovation used to clean equipment and transfer lines.
The project teamthe total agricultural area to be remediated (around 65,000 meter 2).
restoration of biological diversity through our land remediation and Infrastructure), we have updated our Sustainable Design has now developed a new concept which makes the cleaningprograms (see Remediating Legacy Issues in our Waste section).
Standard.
This standard highlights the best solutions for reducing process faster and less waste and water intensive.
The new We are continuing to work closely with the Swiss Canton of energy consumption, Greenhouse Gas emissions, water consumption, waste concept, using an "inline dilution" for the CIP agents brings a Valais, the municipalities and other relevant parties to resolve To reduce similar environmental impacts across the value chain, production and total cost of ownership (CAPEX plus OPEX) for reduction in cycle time estimated to be around 11,500 hoursthis challenging industrial legacy.
Progress and updates on our we engage our supply chain network within our Responsible the useful life of an asset for the most common utilities.
It also per year, compared to the standard CIP station.
Savings fromremediation activities are published on a dedicated webpage.
Sourcing Program (see Supply Chain Responsibility section).
includes new guidance for onsite renewable electricity generation, water for injection (WFI) and waste reduction are estimated toselection of refrigerant and asset lifecycle management.
If it is be more than 30%.Old Gamsenried Landfill Biosphere integrity and biodiversity have not specifically been not possible for a project to comply, a robust explanation and The Gamsenried landfill site in Gamsen (CH) is owned and identified as high-ranking elements within our materiality map alternative solution must be given.managed by Lonza and consists of an old and decommissioned because our activities are confined to industrial sites and dowaste disposal area alongside a new and fully permitted disposal not encompass other land or forest use, and we only engagesite.
The latter is used for the disposal of waste incineration slag with very specific and managed marine use.from the Visp site and the regional waste incineration plant.
Theolder, decommissioned section was primarily used between We do, however, acknowledge our responsibility to increase 1918 and 1978 for landfilling lime hydrate and gypsum sludge.
biodiversity restoration activities.
In 2023, we started to analyze In this area, the current management activities include detailed the ecosystem and biodiversity status of sites and activities, andgroundwater monitoring and a pump-and-treat approach to identifying restoration opportunities using the Science Basedpolluted groundwater at the edge of the landfill.
Targets for Nature (SBTN) methodology.
We will build on thisanalysis to develop a consistent approach in the coming years.Detailed investigations identified the section of the landfill We are also working to replace some solvents and raw materials SDG 9 Industry, Innovation and Infrastructurethat could pose the greatest risk to the groundwater, and from synthetic production with bio-based alternatives, such as" Our Sustainable Design Standard ensures thatrelated financial provisions for a first remediation phase were alcohols and other fermentation products.our long-term growth ambitions can co-existmade in 2021. To minimize risks to the groundwater during thewith our sustainability commitments.remediation and to improve the containment of the old landfill, Our sites have been initiating various activities to enhance their In applying the standard to allan extended hydraulic barrier is proposed for installation in the lands and surroundings.
Our site in Verviers (BE) cultivates outdoorconstruction projects, we are futurecoming years.
Detailed hydrogeological investigations showed beehives, and our Greenwood (US) site supports and maintainsproofing our investments andthat a slurry wall is best suited for this purpose.
Provided that a wildlife reserve adjacent to the site.
Our global colleaguescontributing to our ESG targets."the necessary permit is granted, the construction work for the are each entitled to one paid volunteering day each year, andslurry wall is planned to commence in 2025. Information and many choose to use this to focus on nature conservation and Jean-Christophe Hyvert,updates on our activities relating to the old Gamsenried landfill restoration.President, Biologicsare published on a dedicated webpage.40 41
Sustainability Report 2023 People and Society People and Occupational Health and Safety Labor practices and safe working conditions are defined We regularly audit sites and locations - on average everyin standards, and the implementation of these standards is the three years - to aim for compliance with rules and regulations,We continue to advance comprehensive occupational injury responsibility of site management, reporting to the respective technical integrity and effective management systems.
We Societyand illness prevention programs.
High occupational health Division Head of Operations.
Each site has an EHS manager actively monitor our performance in occupational health andand safety standards assure the wellbeing of our people, our responsible for the occupational safety process, target setting safety, and distribute a monthly analysis report to employees.customers and others who attend our sites.
and ensuring the site meets local targets.
Every employee These reports and subsequent activities are carefully trackedcontributes by identifying risks and unsafe conditions and so that approaches can be adapted accordingly.The EHS function is organized at a group level with an EHS correcting them through the safety CAPA program, and workingbusiness partner representing every division, and site EHS safely at all times.
Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and Incident All of our behaviors, activities, policies and practices support functions directed by site management.
Relevant metrics and Investigationour purpose to enable a healthier world.
We provide goods and data are reported regularly to the EC and the Board.
The EHS While our Safety and Sustainability policy defines high-level Work-related hazards are addressed through hazard identificationservices to our customers, which support them in developing groups continually monitor regulations, industry standards principles, our corporate EHS management system (fully aligned and reporting (including near-misses), risk assessments, joband delivering therapies and medicines to patients.
and other best practice to meet our obligations and aim for to ISO 45001 requirements) describes the essential administrative safety analyses, site inspections and process hazard reviews.compliance through regular internal and external audits.
elements for successful EHS management.
Examples Risk reduction follows the hierarchy of controls - often in We take a systematic approach to supporting and empowering include planning, compliance, training, incident investigation, combination - to reduce the likelihood and/or severity of harm.our employees, and the communities in which we operate.
We work diligently to eliminate health and safety hazards and performance reporting, emergency preparedness, inspections Site employees are trained to use these tools, and local and Our people are central to the success of our business and we incidents, including those that result in injuries and illnesses and audits, and management review.
global EHS leaders collaborate with each site to ensure theoffer many opportunities for them to improve their skills, build through rigorous root cause analysis.
We continue to focus on our workplace is safe and productive.experience and grow their careers.
We provide safe workplaces, Vision Zero program that has led to a considerable reduction in Our corporate standards establish additional requirementscare for wellbeing and encourage colleagues to be involved in safety incidents.
Ultimately we strive for zero workplace injuries, for managing specific EHS hazards or topics.
Topics can The reporting of unsafe conditions and near-misses is encouraged,creating a positive and inclusive working environment and culture.
process incidents, or environmental incidents.
include chemical safety, process safety, waste and wastewater with site-specific targets based on the number of correctivemanagement, contractor management, site security and business actions implemented to mitigate any identified potential hazards.When it comes to financial donations, we focus our support on We have set site level targets for safety corrective actions continuity planning, and critical safe working standards (suchcharitable and educational institutions that align with our priority (safety CAP As) which are generated by colleagues in our as confined space entry, personal protective equipment and All incidents are investigated.
A formal investigation and SD Gs.
We engage in a range of initiatives to deliver benefits to facilities.
This program drives the identification and closure of fall protection).
root cause analysis process, aligned with an internationallyour stakeholders, including the local communities in which our safety-related observations and improvements across our sites.
recognized methodology, is used for recordable injuries, asemployees and their families live.
By cultivating relationships and The program has moved the focus from basic injury-based Local EHS standards address both our corporate EHS well as significant process safety incidents and environmentalengaging with people in our communities, we strive to create metrics to a leading indicator driving employee behavior and expectations and local legal requirements.
The standards guide incidents.
All employees are trained to stop and to refuse actionssustainable value at a local level across our network.
involvement.
The program resulted in more than 35,000 identified, our actions and clarify specific roles and responsibilities.
Some that they consider hazardous for themselves, their colleaguesdocumented and closed safety improvements in 2023, largely sites are certified according to the occupational safety standard and/or the community and environment.detected and corrected by our manufacturing workforce.
ISO 45001 or Responsible Care.Occupational Health Services Operating sites have processes in place to recognize, evaluateand control occupational health risks.
Where required, we Our site in Walkersville (US) conducted a Health & Safety Fair,have supplementary medical programs.
All manufacturing siteswhich included the county's Fire Department, to providehave a designated clinician or physician to administer medicaldemonstrations and training for fire extinguishers using Safety Target support and evaluate occupational injuries or illnesses.
Thereal fires.
Activities also included using special gogglescompany ensures confidentiality of any personal health relatedto simulate what a person would see and experienceinformation for employees who participate in these programs,while under the influence of intoxicants.
Money collectedor use occupational health services, by safeguarding thatwas donated to a local non-profit agency that providesinformation in compliance with applicable law.
The companyservices for victims of violence.
Additionally, in 2023, thedoes not utilize personal health related information receivedsite achieved more than 1,300,000 work hours of training per employee withoutfrom occupational health services as a basis for favorable or Vision >35,000 a lost time incident.unfavorable treatment of workers.Safety ZERO Improvements Worker Participation, Consultation, Communication and Training on Occupational Health and Safety Worker participation is essential to improve safety.
In manycases, sites have a safety committee integrated into the EH Scouncil to oversee all safety-related matters.
Additionally, allsites are required to conduct frequent safety meetings, or havestandard agenda items in all teams, and escalate any identifiedsafety concerns.Zero Lost Time Injuries Site targets for safety(Aspiration) improvement actions 42 43
Sustainability Report 2023 People and Society All sites are required to conduct safety training on hazardous Promotion of Worker Health For all Lonza sites at the year 2021 2022 2023 Our Inclusion, Diversity and Belongingmaterials (Haz Com), critical safe work procedures, evacuation Our people are fully committed to the critical importance of Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate 20 (IDB) initiative promotes inclusion andand process safety, among others.
As required in our EHS health, safety and injury prevention.
They understand that Per 1,000,000 worked hours of training per employee 0.35 0.52 0.54 reflects diversity across backgrounds,Management System, each site is required to establish and investing in prevention, health and wellbeing ensures colleagues Recordable Work-related Injury Rate characteristics, preferences, beliefs Per 200,000 worked hours of training per employee 0.52 0.50 0.48 maintain a safety and sustainability training matrix and plan, remain fully engaged.
Health programs are managed at site level.
and perspectives with the goal of Fatalities 0 0 0 which includes a listing of required training topics, training In 2023, we continued with our wellbeing portfolio and included ensuring Lonza colleagues feel a sensefrequencies and methods, either by job title or similarly effective in our offerings financial wellbeing events for employees.
We of belonging.
Lonza's IDB initiativemeans.
It integrates topics that reflect changes in site activities, focused on creating more awareness about our Employee supports Lonza's mission of making arisks and regulations.
Assistance Program (EAP) and other support services with The majority of injuries recorded and analyzed in 2023 resulted meaningful difference by celebratingsupport from our leaders.
from slips, trips, falls, chemical contact, material handling, sprains the difference we make together.
Composed of volunteers Sites continue to create the safest possible working and strains, which are common types of injuries in our industry.
across functions, divisions and sites, the IDB Council works toenvironment through the inclusion of colleagues in our Be A Safety Prevention and Mitigation of Occupational Health and There were no incidents or injuries resulting from commuting devise and manage IDB programs and share knowledge, insights Leader initiative as well as operational excellence programs.
Safety Impacts transport organized by the company.
In 2023, we launched and experiences across our network.
The Council is supported Colleagues understand how to actively contribute and lead We continually monitor our operations to identify potential a special emphasis program to focus on the reduction of slips, by a global community of site ambassadors and sponsored bythe day-to-day process of ensuring safety within the working health risks to our employees.
This includes (but is not limited to): trips, and falls (STF).
The program covers key element of an a dedicated steering committee comprised of senior leadersenvironment.
Sites develop creative approaches to conducting effective STF program including common at-risk behaviors.
from Legal, HR and Communications to represent and advocatehazard assessments, defining critical behaviors and providing • Job and technical hazard assessments, e.grams., ergonomic hazards for IDB at the EC and Board level.coaching at all levels to support implementation.
• Technical improvements Lost Time Injury Frequency Rates (LTIFR) are calculated based• Training and education on one million hours of training per employee worked.
Data on incidents and workhours In 2023, the IDB initiative sponsored global IDB "spotlight" days,• S ubstance exposure monitoring for chemicals, according to represents the employed workforce and agency workforce/ celebrating international days of diversity with educational Our site in Nansha (CN) takes colleague safety very seriously.the limit values set by the Corporate Toxicology group directly supervised contingent workers in regular manufacturing information and speakers.
This year, we shined a spotlight on In 2023, the site marked more than 11 years without a lostprocesses.
International Women's Day, International Pride Day, Internationaltime incident.
The site came second place in the Emergency Work-Related Injuries Day of the World's Indigenous People, International Day for Response Skill Competition - Confined Space rescue out Over the course of 2023, we recorded a total of 21 Lost People of African Descent and International Day of Personsof more than 40 teams from more than 30 companies in Time Injuries 18, a minor increase compared to last year's number Diversity and Equal Opportunity with Disabilities.Nansha District.
The site was also awarded "the Model(20).
The number of Recordable Incidents 19 was 95 in the Company in Safety Production" from the Guangzhoureporting year.
All incidents are analyzed, identifying the We understand that our diverse workforce is an ethical and The Rise Up@Lonza program, an employee resource group Municipal Government, and earned the "Environmentalmost probable causes and corrective actions.
The depth and cultural imperative, as well as giving us a commercial and dedicated to creating opportunities for women to build Integrity Enterprise" award for the third year in a row.detail of each investigation, the investigation method and the competitive advantage.
For all these reasons, we work to create relationships, gain confidence and be inspired, was financiallylevel of participation by local management, employees, and an inclusive environment and put our people at the heart of our and logistically supported by Lonza in 2023. The businessother functions, are commensurate with the nature and scale business.
As stated in our Code of Conduct, we do not tolerate sponsored the platform for the Rise Up mentoring program andof the incident and its impact.
Comparison within the industry any form of discrimination, harassment or bullying on the encouraged colleagues to join global events of the initiative.shows that our safety management system is effective and basis of ethnicity, national origin, color, religion, marital status,incident rates are similar to those of peer companies.
sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression, creed,age, sex, disability, veteran status or any similar characteristic 2021 2022 2023 throughout our supply chain, including our business partners.
Female New Hires 40% 40% 40 percentFemale Employees 36% 36% 37 percentFemale Management 21 26% 28% 29 percent18 Lost Time Injury: injury or illness involving one or more days away from work.
20 Injury rates are subject to change over time as new cases are added, and case 19 R ecordable Incident: follows OSHA methodology.
classifications change in accordance with applicable requirements.
Female Executive Committee Members 29% 25% 17 percentFemale Board Members 38% 38% 38 percentSDG 5 Gender Equality 2023 Safety Performance We also made progress on the roadmaps of our selected SD Gs" Inclusion is one of our core values, andwithin this space: SDG 4 (Quality Education) and SDG 5 (Gender 95 21 0.54 gender equality is key to an inclusive Equality).
SDG 5 has measurable targets related to IDB, whichworkforce.
By nurturing a diverse pipelineare directly linked to our company remuneration program.of future leaders, and understanding how Further details about ESG target achievement are included into identify and remove any gender-Recordable Work- Lost-Time Work-Related Injuries Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate the Remuneration section of the Annual Report.based barriers at work, we continue Related Injuries (Per 1 Million hours of training per employee)to support women at all stages of The Quality Education program has formed a Global Trainingtheir careers."Network to define and deploy Lonza's global approach to 2.4 39 training.
The network includes training experts from across Kim Harrelson,functions across our business.
A central platform giving visibility Head of Ethics & Compliance,and accessibility to all Lonza employee training was established ERM and Corporate Responsibility Recordable Work-Related Injury Rate Million hours of training per employee Worked In 2023 in 2023.(Per 1 Million hours of training per employee)21 R eflects females at director level and above.44 45
Sustainability Report 2023 People and Society Employee Recruitment, Retention and Development • The expansion of our wellbeing portfolio to include financial Lonza Diversity 2023 Recruitment ("Come") wellbeing events for employees.
We focused on increasing Board EC Managers Non-managers As part of our ambition to attract highly capable candidates who awareness about our Employee Assistance Program (EAP) andbring potential and create sustainable value, we focused other support services with leaders.
As a result of increased Female Male Female Male Female Male Female Maleon improving the onboarding experience of new colleagues.
communication, utilization of the program increased 38% 63% 17% 83% 34% 66% 37% 63 percentIn 2023, we deployed a global digital onboarding platform and • The continued offer of childcare support through local Age structuredesigned a new framework for onboarding events in key sites.
government schemes at a market level Under 30 0 0 0 0 5% 4% 27% 20 percentWe also continued to leverage our global Talent Referral Program • S everance and social plans, which we continued to provide in 30 - 50 0 0 0 20% 74% 66% 57% 58 percentwhich was launched in 2022. In 2023, 509 new colleagues line with market practice as part of our commitment towards Over 50 100% 100% 100% 80% 21% 31% 15% 22 percentreferred by our people were hired through this program.
employee financial security• C ompensation for atypical working hours of training per employee, which followed Employee Engagement and Retention ("Stay") local legislation and varied across our global site network.A Gender Equality multi-year roadmap has been established Our Core Values We empower our people by rewarding sustained high This includes - but is not limited to - additional annual leave,with initiatives to build a strong pipeline of female leaders and Our Employee Value Proposition (EVP), "A Meaningful Difference", performance.
Our reward programs are regularly benchmarked shift premiums, overtime payments, standby and call-outto support sustainable representation of females in leadership.
reflects how our colleagues work to fulfill our purpose to enable to ensure competitiveness within the industry and reviewed in allowances and one-time recognition awards to compensate Specifically, we aim to increase the percentage of women in a healthier world.
This purpose is underpinned by our four core line with feedback from our people surveys.
In 2023, key extraordinary efforts for special projectsmanagement roles to 35% by 2035. company values: initiatives included:Development ("Grow")We train hiring managers on the importance of removing • Integrity: Having the accountability, honesty and courage to • Tonnes he expansion of our employee share purchase plan to additional Our focus in 2023 was supporting the employee growth.
Theobstacles that may inhibit the success of female candidates and speak up and do the right thing locations, making a total of 85% of all Lonza employees eligible key initiatives in 2023 were:colleagues.
We also share best practices and learnings internally • Inclusion: Being supportive, respectful and responsible towards to join the program, of which 26% have enrolled in 2023. Thethrough diversity representatives in our sites and initiatives to others share purchase plan allows employees to buy Lonza shares • The launch of the "Employee Development Journey"support women at all levels (e.grams.
via employee resource groups).
• I nnovation: Being engaged, curious and enquiring to find the at a discounted price and receive a free share for each share program to enable employees to take charge of their Finally, we rolled out training programs to engage our employees best possible solution purchased, after a three-year blocking period career.
A set of tools, including mentoring, conversation andwith diversity topics such as unconscious bias.
The provision of • I nitiative: Being self-driven, motivated and committed to focus • Tonnes he expansion of the Lonza Restricted Share Units Plan to development planning guides was provided to managers andequal pay has been a primary foundation of our global reward and deliver include mid-level employees in key markets.
This plan allows employees.
As a result of the launch of the campaign inpractices for many years.
We are reviewing equal pay and pay employees to be nominated to receive restricted stock on a July 2023, we have seen an increased record of employeetransparency in our business holistically, beyond being compliant Our values define how we behave individually as employees three-year holding period basis development plans from 38% in July to 57% at the end ofwith various local country regulations (including Equal Pay and collectively as a community.
They reflect the way we work • The continuation of our Global Hybrid Work Policy, which the yearreporting under the Art 13 a of the Swiss Federal Act on Gender together internally and collaborate with stakeholders externally.
allows flexibility for eligible employees to work remotely up • The integration of our Lonza Leadership Framework -Equality and the UK Gender Pay Reporting requirements).
We Through shared values, we aim to create a unified "One Lonza" to two days per week on a regular basis.
Eligible employees Care, Communicate, Coach - into our organization and peoplealso strengthened the foundation of bias-free pay decision- culture, which is recognized and respected by our stakeholders were also empowered to "Work from Anywhere" for up to 28 processesmaking through the launch of a series of education programs across our global network.
The values also guide and direct our days in a rolling 12-month period in an international location.
In • The continuation of programs such as the Acceleratedfor managers around total reward topics.
external behaviors, encouraging us to focus on caring for our 2023, 738 colleagues benefited from "Work from Anywhere" Management Development Program (AMDP) and Corecolleagues, our customers and our planet.
• The availability of healthcare, health promotion, fitness, Leadership Impact Program (CLIP) to develop effective andwellbeing and disease prevention programs as well as income sustainable leadership skills Investing in our People To further embed these values, they have been incorporated protection and disability benefits provided in line with marketinto our cross-functional and cross-regional online recognition practices, complementary to country social security provisions.
Over the course of 2023, we invested time in assessing and Our global People Strategy is based on the four pillars: Come, program, BRAVO.
BRAVO enables a positive and self-reinforcing We regularly review these benefits against legislative changes evolving our talent and succession pipelines.
This resulted in Stay, Grow and Make a Meaningful Difference.
To help working environment.
Using this platform, more than 68,900 and benchmarks to ensure our employees are financially an increased internal fill rate (positions we were able to fill withunderstand these pillars, we monitor and analyze data points individual "thank you" messages and awards were shared across secure in case of adverse life events internal candidates) to 39.2% in 2023 (from 29.8% in 2022).related to recruitment, retention and turnover at different levels.
the business over the course of 2023. Our internal promotion rate (percentage of employeesmoving to a higher position within Lonza) had a slight decreaseto 18.6% (versus 21% in 2022).
Both figures trend in line with Lonza Global People Strategy our industry peers, and we strive to continuously improve.SDG 4 Quality Education Come Stay Grow Make a meaningful " To motivate colleagues to come,2021 2022 2023 stay and grow at Lonza, we aredifference Internal Promotion Rate 22.7% 21.0% 18.6 percentfocused on offering continuous Internal Position Fill Rate 24.2% 29.8% 39.2 percentlearning opportunities, nurturing Total Turnover 12.7% 12.8% 10.5 percentprofessional development, andpromoting internal talent."Philippe Deecke,Attracting the Empowering environment Developing Connecting people inside Chief Financial Officer (CFO)right people for our people our people Lonza and beyond 46 47
Sustainability Report 2023 People and Society Performance Management We focus our charitable giving and volunteer activities on projects Volunteering: United Way of Brazoria County Run Against Cancer Fundraiser The Lonza compensation program, launched in 2022, is now that align with our selected SD Gs, and where we feel that our Baking Contest KWF (Queen Wilhelmina Fund) is a Dutch foundation dedicatedfully established.
It sets a strong foundation for sustainable contributions can make a significant difference, as shown in Our colleagues in Houston (US) held a baking contest to raise to fighting cancer through scientific research, information,performance management practices: the examples below.
We evaluate the recipients of financial money for the United Way of Brazoria County, supporting patient support, and fundraising.
Colleagues from our Geleencontributions to ensure they promote high standards of ethics educational services to children, youth, and adults.
The site had (NL) site represented Lonza in the ASML ¼ Marathon in Eindhoven• Each employee is required to set one behavioral goal and and compliance and incur a low proportion of administrative over 120 employees attending this fundraiser, and the money to raise funds for KWF, and took part in the KWF Run Againstone business goal aligned to our strategic priorities expenses.
will be used to pay for school supplies.
Cancer Fundraiser.• Tonnes he performance review process is linked to our incentiveplans, so employees feel rewarded for their efforts and Each employee is granted one day off per calendar year to engage Volunteering: Ronald Mc Donald Children's Foundationcontributions in volunteering activities.
In 2023, Lonza employees gave back Bringing Cheer and Smiles to Children• ESG targets comprise 25% of the company payout factor, with over 26,300 hours of training per employee of volunteering to local communities.
We The Ronald Mc Donald Children's Foundation cares for parents ofthe remainder of the bonus structure comprised of financial have formed a network of colleagues from larger sites - those sick children in hospital by providing accommodation, food andtargets with more than 100 employees - to share best practices and support as their child receives medical treatment.
Lonza's Baselexperiences for corporate responsibility.
This team connects (CH) colleagues volunteered to prepare food for parents and Further details about the Lonza compensation are included in on a quarterly basis and representatives from each site share children, tend the onsite garden, and reorganize the playroom.the Remuneration section of the Annual Report.
updates on volunteering and other community engagementprograms.Employee Engagement To monitor the impact of the programs supporting our Donations to Disabled Veterans People Strategy, and to better understand employee perceptions Colleagues from our Tampa (US) site gathered donationsand feelings, we conducted our global Voice of Employee (Vo E) Good Health and Wellbeing for Disabled American Veterans.
The donations will supportsurvey through an independent external vendor twice in 2023. Supporting Access to Healthcare Donations veterans who face health problems, and who often encounter We continue to support Project HOPE's core mission fund.
employment issues and struggles around accessing benefits.The survey outcomes were reviewed at a company, division, Project HOPE is a global health and humanitarian organizationsite and team level.
Areas of opportunity were identified at a that provides direct healthcare services, equips clinics and Volunteering: Feeding Tampa Bay Volunteer Eventmanager level, to allow them to understand and act on general hospitals, educates local healthcare workers, and helps people Feeding Tampa Bay works to provide nutritious food so studentsand specific team needs.
Our people leaders have been given access the healthcare services they need.
Project HOPE utilizes can excel, parents can focus on their livelihood and seniorssupport to develop improvement programs to address specific its funding to support those impacted by emergencies and can maintain a healthy lifestyle.
In support of the organization,challenges in their organization.
natural disasters where the need is greatest, such as mothers volunteers from our Tampa (US) site prepared and sorted food Quality Education and Gender Equalityand children, refugees and migrants.
bundles for distribution to local families.
Supporting Mothers in STEMM Careers In 2023, the survey indicated improvement in the combined Donationindex for the employee development area (growth and career We have set an ambition to increase gender equality acrossdrivers), with employees responses rating 67 to "having the the workplace.
In alignment with this, we contribute to theopportunity to learn and grow" and 67 to 'managers having work of Mothers in Science (Mi S), an international non-profitmeaningful conversations on career development'.
organization providing research and support for mothersworking in Science, Technology, Engineering, Math and Medicine The overall Employee Engagement Index is calculated from the We continue to support various national and local organizations (STEMM) careers.
Mi S raises awareness of career obstaclesscoring of the question: "How happy are you working at Lonza?" including the Swiss Red Cross and the American Red Cross.
faced by mothers working in STEMM fields and advocatesand the statement "I would recommend Lonza as a great place Our contribution to the Swiss Red Cross funds its individual for workplace equality and inclusion, providing resources forto work".
While the Engagement Index has remained more or assistance program for healthcare costs of people in need.
industry, academia and individuals.
Our support continues toless stable, the response rate steadily increased.
fund global research that addresses these challenges.
It alsosupports the development of webinars and the expansion of itsmentorship program, whereby mothers new to STEMM fields Voice of Employee survey 2021 2022 2023 Sleep in Heavenly Peace ("SHP") Team Building Event can be paired with volunteer mentors who have navigated the Response Rate 65% 78% 81% Sleep in Heavenly Peace (SHP) builds beds for children and families balance of motherhood and a career.Employee Engagement Index 69 71 70 Our contribution to the American Red Cross supports disaster in need.
Colleagues at our Walkersville (US) site participated inrelief, including crises caused by severe weather events, enabling a team building event for SHP, where they assembled beds andthe organization to prepare for, respond to, and help people delivered them to recipients in the local community.Investing in Communities recover from such events.
In addition, our support of theorganization's blood services enables the collection, testing,Our Approach to Donations and Volunteering typing, and distribution of blood products to those in need.In many communities, we take on multiple roles: as neighbor,employer, economic contributor and charitable donor to localor global non-profit organizations and educational institutions.While our financial donations are important, the greatestcharitable contributions come from our colleagues who volunteerto support projects that are meaningful to our communities.48 49
Sustainability Report 2023 People and Society Supporting Women in India Donation STEM for Her Day 2023 Dutch Sheep Herder Program Since 2020, we have provided funding to Hand in Hand (Hi H) India The STEM for Her organization promotes education, to create Together with neighboring companies, our Geleen (NL) site In Greenwood (US), Lonza colleagues came together to support- a non-profit organization focusing on child labor elimination awareness, excitement, and opportunities among girls and initiated an activity to maintain its open landscape areas between a community event organized by Keep Greenwood Countyand education, access to healthcare, empowerment of women young women in the Washington, DC area to launch successful buildings in a more environmentally friendly way.
On a rotating Beautiful and Lake Greenwood Cleanup.
As part of the event,through livelihood creation and skill development, natural STEM-related careers.
The latest event entailed 19 breakout schedule, a herd of sheep and goats feed on the grassy areas of colleagues volunteered their time to remove litter from Lakeresource management, and solid waste management.
Our sessions and a panel discussion.
More than 90% of school age the site and are now part of the site's local landscape maintenance Greenwood, and demonstrated Lonza's commitment to supportingcommitment in 2023 supported rural and tribal communities participants were made up of minority groups.
routine.
sustainability in the local community.with comprehensive health camps; health awareness campaignssupporting women and adolescents; screening and treatment Rubbish Renewed Fashion Showfor non-communicable diseases; providing equipment to under- In August 2023, colleagues at our Bend (US) site hosted theresourced health facilities.
Rubbish Renewed Fashion Show.
This show is an annual eventthat promotes reducing waste by highlighting creative clothing Our contributions also funded food for Hi H's Green Friends, that recycles used supplies or materials that would be otherwisea team providing sanitation services to households in India, discarded.
A portion of funds raised at this event was used tofacilitating the segregation of waste at source and ensuring support waste reduction among manufacturing businesses inproper disposal.
More than 70% of Hi H's Green Friends are Environment Central Oregon.women, and they are often the sole providers for their families.
Lake and Wetland Protection for By supporting their employment and skills development, Hi H Biodiversity and Climate Networkprovides them with wages and dignity in the workplace.
Donation In 2023, we donated to the Global Nature Fund (GNF), a not-for-profit organization for the protection of the environment andnature.
The donation was used to finance GNF's Living Lakesprogram, a biodiversity and climate network which aims toprotect more than a hundred lakes and wetland areas worldwide.
Volunteering: Community Clean Ups Scholarships for Women and Under-Represented Groups in Emphasis is placed on community development and upskilling, Organized by the Walkersville (US) Community Impact Committee STEM Donation as well as biodiversity and climate positive wetland management.
in partnership with our sites in Visp (CH), Wayne (US), and Durham Our Houston (US) site established a US $5,000 scholarship fund (US), Lonza participated in World Clean Up Day.
World Clean Upfor under-represented students enrolled at any university or The Living Lakes program has supported the development of a Day is an annual global social action program aimed at combattingcommunity college in the Houston area.
The scholarships will co-operative network of local organizations active in lake and the global solid waste problem, including marine debris.be granted as US $500 "book scholarships" to be awarded each wetland protection and restoration.
They are united in the aim tosemester to women and under-represented groups in STEM protect and restore aquatic ecosystems from impacts including In June 2023, the Visp Green Team launched the Wander Cleanwho are interested in pursuing a career in biomanufacturing farming, fisheries and tourism using nature-based techniques.
Up Program, which gives Lonza colleagues in Visp the opportunityand biopharma.
Learnings and results are shared at a regional, national, and to clear local hiking trails of litter and debris.
Since the launchglobal level to improve the implementation of lake protection of the programme, more than 180 colleagues have collected In addition to receiving a scholarship, recipients are invited to legislation and management plans.
over 60 kilograms of waste along 300 kilometer of hiking trails.visit our Houston site, meet with site leaders, take lab toursand be paired with an Education Outreach committee membermentor.
Scholarship recipients will also be introduced to ourrecruitment team and relevant hiring managers as a networkingand education opportunity.50 51
Sustainability Report 2023 Appendix Appendix GRI Content Index and SASB Index GRI standard Disclosure Page Comments SDG in SASB*focus GRI 1: Foundation 2021 52 About the Report General Disclosures GRI 2: General Disclosures 2-1 Organizational details Lonza Group Ltd is a public company, listed on the The reporting period is the 2023 calendar year.
This is our The external auditor KPMG AG has been engaged by Lonza to 2021 Swiss Stock Exchange (SIX) and with a secondarylisting at the Singapore Exchange Securitiessixth Sustainability Report following the principles of the GRI.
provide independent assurance for the sustainability information Trading Limited (SGX-ST).We will continue to report on an annual basis.
Our GRI Report under the Lonza material topics disclosed in the Sustainability Lonza Group Ltd 2023 is prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards for the Report.
KPMG AG has also been engaged to provide assurance Muenchensteinerstrasse 384002 Basel, Switzerlandperiod from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023. The content on Lonza's compliance with Swiss Code of Obligations Art.
Tel +41 61 316 81 11 of this report has also been prepared in accordance with Art.
964 b. KPMG AG's limited Assurance Statement is available at Fax +41 61 316 91 11 www.lonza.com 964 b of the Swiss Code of Obligations.
We also adhere to the the end of this report.For location of operations, please consult ourrequirements of Art.
964 j-k of the Swiss Code of Obligations.website: https://www.lonza.com/about-us/our-We have determined that we are exempt from the obligations Separately, we obtained limited external assurance of the locationsof due diligence and reporting on minerals and metals from adequacy of our compliance management system with regard 2-2 Entities included in the The information in this report concerns all underconflict-affected areas under Art.
964 j-k of the Swiss Code to due diligence obligations in the area of child labor, which was organization's sustainability Lonza Group Ltd operational control during 2023,reporting including subsidiaries.
Joint ventures are notof Obligations.
established in accordance with the due diligence obligations included unless specifically mentioned.pursuant to Art.
964 j-k CO and the Ordinance on Due Diligence Financial reporting and accounting principles areand Transparency with Regard to Minerals and Metals from available in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report 2023.Conflict-Affected Areas and Child Labour (VSo Tr).
The assurancereport was provided to our senior management and board of All environmental data relates to Lonza'scontinuing operations.
Unless otherwise stated,directors, in accordance with EXPER Tsuisse guidelines for the the reporting boundaries for environmental datainclude the facilities for which we have operational Contact Points for Queries PS-CH 980 auditing standard child labor due diligence program.control, own either the facility or significantrelevant equipment, and where data is readilyavailable and adequately representative.
Facilitiesoutside the reporting boundaries are smaller-sized leased warehouses and office spaces withcomparatively insignificant energy consumption.2-3 Reporting period, 52 frequency and contact point For sustainability queries:2-4 Restatements If, in individual cases, a new form of presentation,of information calculation method or optimized data collectionhas led to other results for the previous years, then Dr. Matthias Hofmann this is noted under the respective disclosures.Head Global Sustainability 2-5 External assurance 52,E-mail: 63-66 sustainability@lonza.com 2-6 Activities, value chain and Please visit our website www.lonza.com Phone: other business relationships Significant changes to the organization and its+41 61 316 8111 supply chain can be found on pages 8 and 9 ofour Annual Report 20232-7 Employees 12-13 HC-basis points-330 a.1 HC-basis points-330 a.22-8 Workers who are not 13 Reported under the contingent workers' category.
HC-basis points-For media queries: employees 330 a.1 HC-basis points-330 a.2 Victoria Morgan 2-9 Governance structure 10-11 and composition Global Head External 2-10 Nomination and selection Please see the Corporate Governance section Communications of the highest governance body of our Annual Report 2023 E-mail:2-11 Chair of the highest Please see the Corporate Governance sectionvictoria.morgan@lonza.com governance body of our Annual Report 2023 Phone: 2-12 Role of the highest 10-11,+41 61 316 2283 governance body in overseeing 59 the management of impacts 2-13 Delegation of 10-11 responsibility for managing For investor queries, please refer to the Investor Relations impactssection of our website for contact details.52 53
Sustainability Report 2023 Appendix GRI standard Disclosure Page Comments SDG in SASB* GRI standard Disclosure Page Comments SDG in SASB*focus focus General Disclosures cont.
Economic 2-14 Role of the highest 10-11 GRI 205: Anti-corruption 1. Management disclosures 24 3, 12 HC-basis points-510 a.1 governance body in 2016 (losses notsustainability reporting reported)2-15 Conflicts of interest 11, 205-1 Operations assessed 24-25 The risk assessment initiated in 2023 began with 21-22 for risks related to a global assessment of group-level policies andcorruption controls and will continue with a more detailed 2-16 Communication of critical 16-17, analysis of operations in the 28 countries withconcerns 21-25 an employee presence.2-17 Collective knowledge of 11 Please also see the Corporate Governance section Once this analysis is concluded, we will report onthe highest governance body of our Annual Report 2023. the identified significant risks in the next reportingcycle.2-18 Evaluation of the 11 performance of the highest 205-2 Communication 24 governance bodyand training about anti-2-19 Remuneration policies Please see the Remuneration section of our Annual corruption policies and Report 2023. procedures 2-20 Process to determine Please see the Remuneration section of our Annual Supply Chain 1. Management disclosures 25-28 remuneration Report 2023. Responsibility 308-2 Negative 27 3, 13, 5, HC-basis points-430 a.12-21 Annual total Information is confidential and not disclosed.
environmental impacts in 12 (all of Lonza'scompensation ratio the supply chain and actions facilitiestaken participate 2-22 Statement on sustainable 4-5 in the Rx-development strategy 360 auditprogram.2-23 Policy commitments 6, 22, We currently 25-26, do not track 30, the number 42-48 of Tier 1 suppliers'2-24 Embedding policy 11, 22, facilitiescommitments 26-28, participating 31, in this 42-48 program orequivalent)2-25 Processes to remediate 16-28,negative impacts 31-40 414-2 Negative social 27 3, 13, 5, HC-basis points-430 a.12-26 Mechanisms for seeking 22 Our Ethics and Compliance Group provides impacts in the supply chain 12 advice and raising concerns guidance in recognizing, understanding and and actions takencomplying with the laws and ethical standardsthat govern our business practices and activities.
Environmental This is supervised by the Audit and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors.
In addition, GRI 302: Energy 2016 1. Management disclosures 31 13, 9, 12 we have the Lonza Ethics and Compliance Hotline,operated by an external provider.
302-1 Energy consumption 31-32 We do not track separately the heating/coolingwithin the organization from the steam consumption.
For the energy sold,2-27 Compliance with laws Only significant instances of non-compliance we only track total energy, and not by type ofand regulations are compiled for consolidated reporting.
There energy.were no significant instances of non-compliancewith laws and regulations which lead to fines or Fuel consumption is converted to energy usingpenalties during 2023. Swiss EPA and US EPA factors.2-28 Membership associations 14 Given the importance of the Greenhouse Gas accountingand for the sake of completeness, the energy 2-29 Approach to stakeholder 14-15 consumption from smaller R&D and manufacturingengagement sites which were previously not included in thereporting scope is now also collected on a yearly 2-30 Collective bargaining 14 basis, and was also added to previous years.agreements 302-3 Energy intensity 32 Material Topics GRI 3: Material Topics 3-1 Process to determine 15 Assured by KPMG.2021 material topics 3-2 List of material topics 153-3 Management of material Compiled under each topic as per this table.topics Assured by KPMG.54 55
Sustainability Report 2023 Appendix GRI standard Disclosure Page Comments SDG in SASB* GRI standard Disclosure Page Comments SDG in SASB*focus focus Environmental cont.
Environmental cont.GRI 303: Water and 1. Management disclosures 32-33 As per the GRI Standard, water stress in an area 3, 9, 12, 6 GRI 305: Emissions 2016 1. Management disclosures 34-36 We follow the requirements of the Greenhouse Gas 3, 13, 9,Effluents 2018 was assessed using the baseline water stress Protocol Corporate Standards to calculate our 12 above 40% from the tool Aqueduct Water Risk Greenhouse Gas emissions.
Note: emissions from energy Atlas, consulted in 2023. Some sites in the consumption from smaller sites previously outsidefollowing locations were identified as per the the reporting boundary were added, also forabove definition, most being low-water consumers: previous years.Mexico, India, Indonesia, China, The Netherlands,303-1 Interactions with 32-33 Belgium, UK, and US.
3 em 05 is - s 1 i o D n ir s ect (Scope 1) Greenhouse Gas 36 B w i e o r grams e e 6 n , i 6 c 0 C 0 O Tonnes 2 o e n meter s C is O sio 2 - n e s q f . rom the biomass fuelwater as a shared resource A part of our commitment to SB Ti, we havereviewed the inventory of the Greenhouse Gas emissions and 303-2 Management of 32-33 have decided to include emissions from our fleetand those due to the losses of refrigerants in orderwater discharge-relatedto provide a complete picture.
Those emissionsimpactswill be disclosed once the targets are approved,303-3 Water withdrawal 32 O is u e r q n u u iv meter al b e e n r Tonnes s Tonnes o ar meter e e re grams p a o lit r e te rs d , a a s s " r Tonnes e h q o u u ir s e a d n d b y meter Tonnes 3 h ", i s w grams h R ic I h b an u d Tonnes w re e f r e ig st e im ra a n Tonnes Tonnes e s Tonnes to h e b e e meter ve is r s y i o lo n w s d (a u r e o u to n d th 1 e % f le o e f tstandard.
combined Scope 1 and 2 emissions).The amount of Total Dissolved Solids in the water Note: emission factors for fuels were updated (alsosourced is, in general, < 1000 mg/L.
for previous years) with more accurate factors.Water Withdrawal 2023 Total from areas 305-2 Energy indirect 36-37 Greenhouse Gas emissions from municipal waste incineration[thousand meter 3] with water stress (Scope 2) Greenhouse Gas emissions are allocated according to the cut-off method.Total Water Withdrawn 1,313 Note: The emission factor for electricity for oursite in Singapore was also corrected for 2023 and Groundwater Wells 369 for previous years.Public Supply 944 305-3 Other indirect (Scope 37 Note: Our Scope 3 model and datasets used does Water Bodies 0 3) Greenhouse Gas emissions not support the estimation of biogenic CO 2 .Due to review of our Scope 3 model, there was Note: Corrections were made to industrial water an update to the emission factors for purchaseddata from previous years, to properly include water electricity and steam upstream emissions andused by facilities under our operational control.
transmission and distribution, which increasedthe impacts for category 3 for 2021 and 2022.303-4 Water discharge 34 Our numbers are reported as "thousand meter 3", which Emissions from accommodation have beenis equivalent to megaliters, as required by this removed from category 6, as per recommendation GRI standard.
Water discharge to water bodies is from the SB Ti, resulting in a negligible decrease formostly heading for surface water.
The volume of that category.water discharge to seawater and groundwater isassumed to be not significant.
305-4 Greenhouse Gas emissions 37-38 intensity The amount of Total Dissolved Solids in thewater discharged to water bodies is in general < 305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOx), Other emissions such as VOC and NOx are also 1000 mg/L, also for water stressed areas.
Water sulfur oxides (SOx), and other important to our operations and are monitoreddischarged to the sewer with Total Dissolved Solids significant air emissions to ensure compliance with local regulations.> 1000 mg/L is 1,046 thousand meter 3. From that Continual investment, technical improvements atamount, 44 thousand meter 3 are from sites in areas emission points and emission control equipmentwith water stress.
contribute to the control and reduction of suchemissions.Water Discharge 2023 From areas with[thousand meter 3] water stress Air Emissions 2023 [Tonnes]Total Water Discharged 971 VOC [Tonnes] 115 Water Discharged to Sewer 927 NOx [Tonnes] 174 Water to Water Bodies 44 SO [Tonnes] 42 Assured by KPMG.
Particulate Matter [Tonnes] 29 GRI 306: Waste 2020 1. Management disclosures 38-39 3, 13, 12306-1 Waste generation 38-39 and significant waste-related impacts 306-2 Management of 38-40 significant waste-relatedimpacts 306-3 Waste generated 39 Note: there were minor corrections for the totalwaste reported for 2022 (slight increase).Assured by KPMG.56 57
Sustainability Report 2023 Appendix GRI standard Disclosure Page Comments SDG in SASB* TCFD Indexfocus Social We aim to follow the recommendations of the Task Force on GRI 403: Occupational 1. Management disclosures 42-43 3 Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
This index addresses Health and Safety 2018 disclosures in the four TCFD pillars: governance, strategy, risk 403-1 Occupational health We maintain an EHS Management System, whichand safety management has been adapted to meet ISO 14001 and 45001 management, and metrics and targets.system standards.
This program applies to all locationsand all employees.TCFD Recommendation Reference 403-2 Hazard 43 identification, risk Governanceassessment, and incidentinvestigation Governance and oversight over sustainability and ESG sits with the Board of Directors (Board), Sustainability Report 2023: Governance sectionspecifically with the Chairman of the Board, while the implementation is the responsibility of the 403-3 Occupational health 43 Executive Committee (EC).services The Sustainability and Risk Committee (SRC) and the Safety and Sustainability Steering Board (SSSB)403-4 Worker 43-44 coordinate the sustainability strategy and activities across the company, including climate change andclimate-related measures.participation, consultation,and communication on Strategyoccupational health andsafety Our ambition is to reach net-zero Greenhouse Gas emissions by 2050. We have set science-based targets for Sustainability Report 2023: suppliermid-term reductions, and have submitted them to SB Ti.
decarbonization in Supply Chain Responsibility 403-5 Worker training on 43-44 section and Greenhouse Gas Emissions sectionoccupational health and Group functions and individual site roadmaps include concrete actions and projects to supportsafety achievement of the corporate goals.
These include sustainability by design for new infrastructureand growth investments, efficiency improvements and supplier collaboration and decarbonization.403-6 Promotion of worker 44 health The Sustainability and Procurement teams work together to manage climate strategy and actionsin the supply chain.
We are engaging with the most relevant suppliers to collaborate on reducing 403-7 Prevention and 44 our Scope 3 footprint.mitigation of occupationalhealth and safety impacts In addition, we have initiated a program to procure and source electricity globally from renewabledirectly linked by business sources by 2025, where available through power purchase agreements investing in additionalrelationships production assets.403-9 Work-related injuries 44-45 We have included several ESG targets in our Group remuneration plan as of 2022. Among others,these include targets for achieving reductions in Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions and GRI 405: Diversity and 1. Management disclosures 45-46 3, 5, 4 water intensity.Equal Opportunity 2016 We are currently focusing on three areas: monitoring our progress against our 2030 sustainability 405-1 Diversity of 45 targets, enhancing public disclosures regarding ESG topics and providing guidance and support forgovernance bodies and sustainability-related initiatives across our global site network.
We are re-evaluating our sourcingemployees strategy, taking into account availability of materials, logistics and risks for supply chain disruptions.We have also been strengthening the existing due diligence process for new and incumbent suppliers Employee Recruitment, 1. Management disclosures 46-48 to identify and minimize the risks in our supply chain, e.grams., for environmental, social and labor Retention and misconduct.Development Internal promotion rate and 47 Note: internal promotion rate does not include 5, 4 HC-basis points-internal fill rate** those employees who were promoted but who 330 a.1 Risk Managementare not within the global grading system.Our ERM program is a critical element of our strategic planning and provides a mechanism and Sustainability Report 2023: Enterprise Risk Employee Engagement 1. Management disclosures 46, 48 appropriate governance for risk management.
Management, Climate Related Risks sectionsr E a meter te p l a o n y d e e E meter su p r l v o e y y e r e e sponse 48 5, 4 H 33 C 0 -B a. P 1 - grams a w r i i e v ld e l f i n meter ir e Tonnes i h Tonnes s e , e d e n Tonnes Tonnes a c o Tonnes . u Tonnes s r i h Tonnes e e e o - s s e f p o r e i u s c r k i f s b ic u a n s re i a n Tonnes meter e u s r a s a n , l a w d grams e is e a b d s e Tonnes b l e i y e r v s s e i a Tonnes e n p d r b o u e b s x a i Tonnes n b r e e le s meter s c e c li meter w on e a Tonnes a Tonnes i e n th u r e i i s Tonnes r y k e s p v meter l e a n n a Tonnes s Tonnes s e . , r A s ia s u li a c z h i n n e a grams x s o Tonnes h v s u e Tonnes r e r r p i Tonnes c h w a e n e meter e in s i , d Tonnes e f - l Tonnes n o e d o r meter d to s ,Engagement Index** consolidate the financial dimension.* Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) - we have aligned our disclosures with the Biotechnology and Pharmaceuticals Sustainability Accounting Metrics and Targets Standard 2023. As a Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO), most of the SASB indicators do not apply.** Lonza internally developed KP Is.
We report on our direct and indirect Greenhouse Gas emissions performance and targets (Scope 1, 2 and 3) Sustainability Report 2023: Our Journey,and other data in the Environment section of this report and in our most recent response to the CDP Greenhouse Gas Emissions sections Assured by KPMG.
climate questionnaire, which is publicly available.
We are also participating in research projects toevaluate carbon capture technologies.
ESG metrics, including Greenhouse Gas targets, are included in companyperformance measurements and reward and recognition allocations for the global employeecommunity, including the EC.58 59
Sustainability Report 2023 Appendix Swiss Non-Financial Reporting Requirement Risks related to our material topics(Art.
964 b CO) Index Following the Swiss non-financial reporting requirements, identifying the below risks entailed an analysis of the extended The table below points out the content which is reported companies need to identify and elaborate on the risks from and generalized material topics, and what-if scenario projections,in compliance with the requirements of Art.
964 b of the Swiss their own business activities and supply chain related to their e.grams. what could be the outcomes if water quality or quantity Code of Obligations (CO).
material topics.
For transparency purposes we list key risks would change at a Lonza site.related to our material topics in the table below.
The process of Area Topic Page Material Topic Risk Description Scope Potential Impact Mitigation General Requirements Materiality Assessment 15 Climate Climate related physical risks, • Value chain • Water availability • Greenhouse Gas reduction target and action Business Model 9 change transitional risks, chronic risks • Own • Heat defense, cooling capacity planning Annual Report, "Our Businesses" section operations • People availability • Renewable electricity ambition• Community • Resource competition • Climate Scenario modelling Concepts / Policies (incl.
Due Diligence Applied) - Safety and Sustainability Policy• Environment • Contribution to increasing Greenhouse Gas- • Enhanced site BCP, and master plans- Corporate Environmental Management Systemconcentration • Investment planning for mitigations(ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 aligned) p. 23• Increased cost from energy taxes- Code of Conductor certificates- Supplier Code of Conduct- Lonza's Human Rights Principles, p. 22 Energy Insufficient supply, shortages, • Own • Downtime of equipment • Tier one preferred supply industrypower grid outages, storm/ operations • Loss of production • Energy reduction target Risks Related to Non-Financial Matters 17, 61 natural disaster outage, • Community • Storage impairment, cold storage • Reserves in some sites (fuel oil)Rationing through government • Lonza competing for energy with • Alternative fuel use and dual Environment Greenhouse Gas Emissions 31, 34-38 community/others combustion engines• Increasing price levels for • Fuel / Battery Electrical Power Units Water 32-34 communities on site and contracted Energy 31-32 • Cost increases for energy • Business Continuity Plans Waste Untimely removal, cost increases, • Own • Downtime of the storage facility • Alternative, mobile storage facility Waste 38-39 transportation shortage operations • Overload of the transport chain • Waste reduction target Employee-matters Employee Recruitment, Retention and 46-48 • Community • Disposal/treatment by Lonza • Own incineration capacity Development irregular • Sufficient contractual capacity• Remediation needed later Employee Engagement 46, 48 Water Water supply shortage, cooling • Own • Lack of water for products • Tier one preferred supply industry iscapacity restrictions, conflicts operations • Lack of cleaning water priority supplied Social Matters Health and Safety 42-45 on water, failure to comply with • Community • Lack of cooling water • Water target / principles Diversity and Equal Opportunity 45-46 permits and industry practices • Loss of production • Water mass balances in all sites,• Reputation damage understanding uses and limitations Respect for Human Rights Supply Chain Responsibility 25-28 • Fines, legal action • Water circulation technology, e.grams.• Lonza competing for water with membrane filtration and reuse Anti-Corruption Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption 24-25 community/others • Using all reject / low grade water for• Depletion of water sources / lower value purposesreservoirs • Permits for water quantities / use• Watershed stakeholder consultation Occupational Risk to people, Lonza employees • Own • Injuries or health impairment • Job / technical hazard assessments,Health and or contractors operations, • Lost time e.grams., chemical, physical, ergonomic Safety contractors, • Equipment or production hazardsneighbors downtime • Technical safety installations andimprovements• Training and education• Substance exposure monitoring forchemicals, Toxicology group• Safety Culture programs• Near miss and observation program• Medical assistance facilities Human Employee recruitment, attraction • Own • Failure to hire and retain skilled • Developed hiring and leave processresources and retention, human capital, operations talent • Talent scouting, professionaldiversity and equal opportunity, • Failure to invest / expand and recruitment teamsemployee engagement, team slowing growth • Development of managerscomposition, high turnover • Knowledge transfer • Gender equality initiatives and• Increased training needs targets• Skill levels decline • IDB teams• Decreased engagement levels • Team development program• Demotivation • Monitoring of leave rates• Succession planning ABAC Failure to abide by the Code of • Own • Legal enforcement action • Code of conduct, ABAC policy Conduct, bribery, misbehavior, operations • Reputation • Internal Auditcorruption • Value chain • Individuals impacted • Robust processes of investigationand penalties• Mandatory regular training of allemployees• Ethics Hotline• Compliance declarations Supply chain Suppliers not abiding by the • Value chain • Reputation damage • Supplier engagementresponsibility SCo C, environmental incidents, • Own • Supply of materials • Audits and visitsdefaulting suppliers, political operations • Single source default • Screening public informationdisruptions, supply chain • Price / cost increases • Second sourcingdisruption • Responsible Sourcing Program• Geographical distribution• Business Continuity Plans 60 61
Sustainability Report 2023 Appendix Swiss Non-Financial Reporting Requirement (Art.964 j-k CO) Index We also adhere to the requirements of Art.
964 j-k of the Swiss CO.
Our disclosure relating to these requirements are mappedin the table below.Area Topic Page Independent limited assurance report on selected quanti-Supply chain due diligence Management system 25-26 Risks in the supply chain 26-27 tative and qualitative Sustainability Information of Lonza Material and Metals: Due diligence 28 We are exempt from the obligations of due diligence and reporting on mineralsand metals from conflict-affected areas, since no relevant mineral import above Group AGlegal thresholds were identified.Risk Management 22, 26-28 Child Labor: due diligence, supply 27 chain policy, supply risk managementinstruments, supply traceability system To the Board of Directors of Lonza Group AG, Basel We have undertaken a limited assurance engagement on Lonza Group AG's (hereinafter «Lonza») selected Sus-tainability Information in the Sustainability Report for the financial year from the 1 st of January 2023 to the 31 st of December 2023 (hereinafter "Sustainability Information") as follows:- Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) related KP Is which are marked as " assured by KPMG" in the GRI Index table (pages 53-58)- Lonza's internally developed KP Is: "Internal promotion rate and internal position fill rate", and "Voice of Employee survey: engagement index and response rate", marked as " assured by KPMG" in the GRI Index table (page 58)- Non-financial disclosures prepared in accordance with article 964 b of the Swiss Code of Obligation, asincluded in the index table (page 60) of the Sustainability Report, and the text marked accordingly withthe check mark " " in Lonza's Sustainability Report 2023.Our assurance engagement does not extend to information in respect of earlier periods or future looking infor-mation included in the Lonza Sustainability Report 2023, information included in the Lonza Annual Report 2023 orlinked to from the Lonza Sustainability Report 2023 or from the Lonza Annual Report 2023, including any images,audio files or embedded videos.Understanding how Lonza has Prepared the Sustainability Information Lonza prepared the Sustainability Information using the following criteria (hereinafter referred to as the "Sustaina-bility Reporting Criteria"):- For Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) related KP Is - GRI Standards (pages 53-58)- For Lonza's internally developed KP Is - criteria as described in GRI index table (page 58)- For the non-financial disclosures referenced in the index table (page 60) of the Sustainability Report -article 964 b of the Swiss Code of Obligation© 2024 KPMG AG, a Swiss corporation, is a subsidiary of KPMG Holding AG, which is a member ofthe KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Lim-i ted, a private English company limited by guarantee.
All rights reserved.62 63
Sustainability Report 2023 Appendix Appendix Consequently, the Sustainability Information needs to be read and understood together with these standards and - Reporting our independent conclusion to the Board of Directors of Lonza.criteria.As we are engaged to form an independent conclusion on the Sustainability Information as prepared by the Boardof Directors, we are not permitted to be involved in the preparation of the Sustainability Information as doing so Our Limited Assurance Conclusionmay compromise our independence.Based on the procedures we have performed as described under the 'Summary of the work we performed as thebasis for our assurance conclusion' and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention that Professional Standards Appliedcauses us to believe that the Sustainability Information in Lonza's Sustainability Report 2023 for the financial year We performed a limited assurance engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engage-from the 1 st of January 2023 to the 31 st of December 2023 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordancements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information,with the Sustainability Reporting Criteria.issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (IAASB).We do not express an assurance conclusion on information in respect of earlier periods or future looking infor-mation included in the Lonza Sustainability Report 2023, information included in the Lonza Annual Report 2023 or Our Independence and Quality Controllinked to from the Lonza Sustainability Report 2023 or from the Lonza Annual Report 2023, including any images,We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics foraudio files or embedded videos.
Our conclusion does not extend to the requirements of Swiss Code of Obligationarticle 964 (d-l).
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code), which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectiv-ity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality, and professional behavior.Inherent Limitations in Preparing the Sustainability Information Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Management 1, which requires the firm to design, implement Due to the inherent limitations of any internal control structure, it is possible that errors or irregularities may occurand operate a system of quality management including policies or procedures regarding compliance with ethicalin disclosures of the Sustainability Information and not be detected.
Our engagement is not designed to detect allrequirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.internal control weaknesses in the preparation of the Sustainability Information because the engagement was notperformed on a continuous basis throughout the period and the audit procedures performed were on a test basis.
Our work was carried out by an independent and multidisciplinary team including assurance practitioners and sus-tainability experts.
We remain solely responsible for our assurance conclusion.Lonza's Responsibilities Summary of the Work we Performed as the Basis for our Assurance Conclusion The Board of Directors of Lonza is responsible for:Based on risk and materiality considerations we have undertaken procedures to obtain sufficient evidence.
The- Selecting or establishing suitable criteria for preparing the Sustainability Information, taking into ac-procedures selected depend on the practitioner's judgment.
This includes the assessment of the risks of materialcount applicable law and regulations related to reporting the Sustainability Information;misstatements in the above-mentioned Sustainability Report.
Our limited assurance procedures included, amongst- The preparation of the Sustainability Information in accordance with the Sustainability Reporting Cri- others, the following work:teria;- Assessment of the design and implementation of systems, processes and internal controls for deter-- Designing, implementing and maintaining internal control over information relevant to the preparation mining, processing and monitoring sustainability performance data, including the consolidation ofof the Sustainability Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or er- data;ror.- Inquiries of employees responsible for the determination and consolidation as well as the implemen-tation of internal control procedures regarding the selected disclosures;Our Responsibilities- Inspection of selected internal and external documents to determine whether quantitative and quali-We are responsible for:tative information is supported by sufficient evidence and presented in an accurate and balanced- Planning and performing the engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether the Sustainabil- manner;ity Information is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error;- Assessment of the data collection, validation and reporting processes as well as the reliability of the- Forming an independent conclusion, based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence reported data on a test basis and through testing of selected calculations;we have obtained; and 64 64 65
Sustainability Report 2023 Legal Disclaimer Legal Disclaimer No Warranty and No Liability Limited Use While Lonza Group Ltd and its affiliates (collectively and individually, Lonza Group hereby grants you the right to display, store andthe "Lonza Group") make efforts to include accurate and up-to- reproduce copies of this publication for personal use subjectdate information, they make no representations or warranties, to the following conditions: The publication may be used forexpress or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the internal purposes only and may not be sold or distributed forinformation provided on this publication and disclaim any liability commercial or political purposes; The publication may not befor the use of this publication or any publication linked to it.
modified, diffused, reposted or transmitted in any respect;- Analytical assessment of the data and trends of the quantitative disclosures included in the scope of Lonza Group may change this publication at any time without The copyright notice must appear on every copy of the workthe limited assurance engagement;notice but does not assume any responsibility to update it.
Lonza or portion thereof.- Assessment of the consistency of the disclosures applicable to Lonza with the other disclosures and Group makes no warranties, express or implied, and assumeskey figures and of the overall presentation of the disclosures through critical reading of Lonza's Sus- no liability in connection with any use of this publication.
Every Trademarkstainability Report 2023. user agrees that all access and use of this publication and of any All third party trademarks are being used for informationalpublication linked to it and the information contained herein and purposes only, with permission from their owners.
All other- Check that the Sustainability Report contains the information required by the Swiss Code of Obligationstherein are at their own risk.
Neither Lonza Group (including its trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively, thearticle 964 b (1) and (2) to understand the business performance, the business results, the state of theagents, directors, and employees) nor any other party involved "Trademarks") used or mentioned on this publication areundertaking, and the effects of its activity on material topics of environmental matters, social matters, em-in creating this publication is liable for any direct, incidental, registered and unregistered trademarks of Lonza Group Ltd,ployee-related matters, respect for human rights, and combating bribery and corruption.special, consequential, indirect or punitive damages or other one of its affiliates or third parties and are legally protected The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in ex- damages arising out of your access to or use of this publication, in Switzerland and/or USA or European Union.
Be aware thattent than for, a reasonable assurance engagement.
Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited as- including but not limited to viruses or malware that may infect certain product names are trademarks, even if not specificallysurance engagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had we performed a your computer equipment or software and any damages for mentioned.reasonable assurance engagement.
lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or otherdata on your information handling system or otherwise, even Nothing on this publication should be construed as granting, byif Lonza Group or any other person or entity is advised of the implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right in or to KPMG AG possibility of such damages and irrespective of whether such the Trademarks without the express prior written permission ofdamages arise in an action of contract, negligence or other Lonza Group Ltd or such other third party.
Your misuse of thetortious or legal action.
Trademarks on this publication and in its conditions is strictlyprohibited.{{Signatureleft}} {{Signatureright}}Cyrill Kaufmann Diana Guerra Licensed Audit Expert Manager Zurich, 2 April 202466 66 67
Sustainability Report 2023 www.lonza.com Disclaimer Lonza Group Ltd has its headquarters in Basel, Switzerland, andis listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
It has a secondary listing onthe Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ("SGX-ST").Lonza Group Ltd is not subject to the SGX-ST's continuing listingrequirements but remains subject to Rules 217 and 751 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.© 2024 Lonza Ltd 68