Enabling a Healthier World Sustainability Report 2022 Echeveria Apus succulent plant
Sustainability Report 20222 Marshland in savannah georgia
Contents Contents 4 O ur Commitment to 20 Responsibility 28 Environment Sustainability 20 Risk Management 29 Energy 5 Our Journey 23 Anti-Bribery and 31 Water 9 About Us Anti-Corruption 33 Greenhouse Gas 14 Our Stakeholders 25 Supply Chain Emissions Responsibility 36 Waste 38 Innovating for Sustainability 40 People and Society 52 Appendix 40 Occupational Health 52 About the Reportand Safety 53 GRI and SASB Index 43 Diversity and Equal 58 TCFD Disclosures Opportunity 62 Assurance Statement 44 Employee Recruitment,Retention and Development 45 Employee Engagement 46 Investing in Communities 3
Sustainability Report 2022 Our Commitmentto Sustainability Since this year, 25% of the company performance metric usedto calculate bonuses is determined by progress against our ES Gtargets.
This ensures that sustainability will remain an integralpart of every employee's daily work and that sustainabilityachievements are recognized and rewarded as a core strategicpillar of Lonza's long-term success.From meter RNA vaccines against COVID-19 to antibody-drugconjugates for cancer treatment and cell and gene therapyinnovations for novel treatments, our products continue tohelp our customers deliver for their patients and create realsocietal benefits.
We know, however, that there remains acomplex journey ahead to mitigate the environmental impactof our operations, as we continue to drive ambitious levels of Dear Stakeholders, growth across the company.It is my pleasure to report another positive year for sustainability We are constantly working to improve our water intensity andacross Lonza Group.
During the last twelve months, we have circularity.
We are also working to improve our energy footprint,enhanced our systematic approach to safety and sustainability.
buildings and operations, and the efficiency of the ecosystem The leadership of our Environment, Social and Governance that supplies our raw materials and services.(ESG) efforts is with the Board of Directors and the Executive Committee that leads the overall implementation.
We continue to have high ambitions and high confidence todeliver with a decreased footprint across the supply chain.
We Since 2021, we have focused our activities on seven key know that this will not be a walk in the park and that challengessustainability areas aligned with the UN's Sustainable Development remain, such as defining a science-based roadmap to achieve Goals (SD Gs) and our material topics.
These topics range from net-zero targets and driving for Scope 3 reductions.
We areclimate and water action to people development, gender actively seeking ways to achieve carbon neutrality before 2050.equality and customer satisfaction metrics.
We have assigned This report includes further examples of these initiatives.each SDG to a member of the Executive Committee (EC) anda Senior Program Manager, who are responsible for driving We are confident that, through our sustainability program, we canimprovements across our business.
steadily increase Lonza's contribution to society.
By motivatingand guiding our workforce, reducing our environmental impact We measured progress against our sustainability targets and enhancing our customer experience, we will continue tothroughout 2022 and I am pleased with the progress this year in fulfill our purpose of enabling a healthier world.key areas such as water management, supply chain responsibility,people development and gender equality.Best regards,Pierre-Alain Ruffieux Chief Executive Officer (CEO)4
Our Commitment to Sustainability Our Journey Safety and sustainability are essential elements of how we dobusiness.
We foster transparency and reporting in line with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, a globally acceptedindustry practice for tracking performance on a range ofeconomic, environmental and social indicators.Our 2022 Sustainability Report provides insights into our renewedcommitments and performance relating to the most relevantsustainability topics for our business and our stakeholders.We grouped sustainability initiatives around our material topicsand selected key Sustainable Development Goals (SD Gs).
SD Gsare the United Nations' global blueprint to achieve a better andmore sustainable future for humanity.
While the UN has identified 17 SD Gs to address global challenges, we have selected seven SD Gs around which to build our initiatives and matched eachto our material topics (see GRI Index).
This Environment, Socialand Governance (ESG) framework will enable us to prioritizesustainability initiatives and create a meaningful program thatis relevant to our business.
It supports and guides us on ourjourney to develop a robust action roadmap for the mid- andlong-term, while taking our existing targets and achievementsinto account.
The success of our ESG program depends onindividual and collective effort and is a pre-requisite to ouroverall success.Each of the seven SD Gs is directly assigned to an EC member,who, in turn, has nominated a Program Manager to developan effective program around each goal.
As of 2022, executivecompensation is aligned with these SD Gs and related metrics,with collective accountability.
ESG metrics are also includedin company performance measurements and reward andrecognition allocations for the global employee community.For more information, please see the Remuneration sectionof our Annual Report.Rainforest in Brazil 5
Sustainability Report 2022 Our Sustainability Framework Enabling a Healthier World in a Sustainable Way Integrity Vision ZERO: We continually Inclusion improve our systems and aspire Innovation to ZERO incidents, injuries and Initiative environmental footprint.Our Environment: We strive tocontinually reduce emissions,energy, water and materialintensity.Service Compliance and Integrity: We Scope ensure that legal compliance,Sustainability: Delivering integrity and ethical conduct arelong-term value, economically, the foundations in every place weenvironmentally and socially operate.Solutions Our People: We develop our Speed employees by helping them grow.We provide safe workplaces,care for employees' well-beingand foster their involvement and Valuesparticipation.Value for Society: We create Strategic value for society by innovating Priorities and delivering science-basedsolutions to enable a healthierworld.
We engage in the Policy communities where we operate.ESG Compass Focus Engagement The Seven SD Gs Material Topics and SDG Programs• Customer Satisfaction• Supply Chain Responsibility• Carbon Emissions• Energy, Water and Waste• Occupational Health and Safety• Employee Development and Engagement• Gender Equality Empowering all levels of the organization Seven ESG Targets Integrated into Compensation System 6
Our Commitment to Sustainability Interpreting the Seven SD Gs Good Health and Wellbeing: We enable a healthier Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure: Weworld by working with our customers to overcome continuously invest in innovation while furthersome of the greatest challenges in patient treatment.
improving operational excellence.
We are also creating We aim to achieve this with products, services and vital, game-changing technologies, including genecutting-edge technologies that can help to save, editing and automated therapy manufacturingextend and enhance lives.
At the same time, the systems.
We aim to embed sustainability into oursafety and wellbeing of our employees has always organic growth and footprint expansion by design.been a top priority, and a healthy and safe workforce To this end, we have implemented new standards forcontributes to our success.
We also want to improve "sustainability by design", aiming to reduce energyour overall contribution to ESG in society by investing consumption for key utilities such as HVAC and waterin evaluating and improving internal governance for quality systems, as well as more efficient buildingour ESG program and external reporting.
envelopes and lighting.Climate Action: Based on scientific evidence, Responsible Consumption and Production: Wegreenhouse gas (Greenhouse Gas) emissions contribute to continue to reduce our environmental impact and haveglobal warming.
This affects the climate globally, implemented programs to limit material consumptionand impacts the planet, health and wellbeing.
To and waste generation.
We aspire to source materialsenable a healthier world, we must take decisive steps from responsible suppliers that meet strict complianceto reduce our Greenhouse Gas emissions over the next decade standards and have action plans in place to reduceand ultimately aim for net-zero Greenhouse Gas emissions by their emissions, waste and natural resources in line 2050. Our global site network collaborates to evaluate with our expectations, alongside climate action plansprojects and share best practice on how to reduce that support our Scope 3 emissions reduction plan.
Aemissions from fuel use, increase heat recovery and new Supplier Code of Conduct has been rolled out,reduce waste.
We are rolling out a program to fulfil and we are conducting in-depth risk assessmentsour ambitions to procure and source all electricity of our suppliers.
We are also creating a roadmapfrom renewable sources by 2025 (where available) to reduce the carbon footprint of our supply chainand we are introducing heat recovery and energy (Scope 3) and will engage suppliers to capture theirefficiency programs in our facilities and buildings.
efforts to reduce greenhouse gases.Gender Equality: A diverse global employee Clean Water and Sanitation: Access to clean, plentifulcommunity - which embraces differences in and potable water is a basic human need and ischaracteristics, preferences, perspectives, and critical to ensuring the quality of our products.
Webeliefs - contributes to competitive advantage need to protect the water ecosystem to ensureand community culture.
As part of our effort to that this is not contaminated by pharmaceuticalenhance our diverse workforce, we aim to improve substances or other pollutants.
To aim for continualthe percentage of females in management roles.
improvement, our sites conduct water risk and water We have introduced sessions for hiring managers balance assessments, and analyze water consumptionto drive awareness of our diversity objectives and and discharge quantity and quality.
A network ofthe importance of removing obstacles that may representatives from each site also regularly shareinhibit the success and development of our female best practices for reducing and optimizing watercolleagues.
We encourage the sharing of best consumption.practices internally and plan to expand initiativesto support females at all levels.
Quality Education: We recognize that our peopleare the cornerstone of our success and we wantto see them grow.
As we develop innovations inpharma, biotech and nutrition, we aim to increasepartnerships and grow our contribution to thescientific community.
Alongside investing in andcollaborating with the communities in which weoperate, we are working on better oversight ofour internal educational programs to nurture thedevelopment of our employees.
This visibility willhelp us improve governance and define next steps.7
Sustainability Report 2022 At Lonza, the seven SDG programs contribute to our societalvalue and ensure a long-term focus in our decision-making.The value we create for our stakeholders can be summarizedas follows:• To our employees: through ensuring fair remuneration,development, training, progression, and rewarding careeropportunities• Tonnes o customers, healthcare partners and patients: throughsupplying therapeutic and health ingredients and drugproducts and co-innovating new therapies and technologiesto enable better patient outcomes• To suppliers and business partners: through employment andprofits, fair relationships, leadership, and support in reducingtheir environmental footprint• Tonnes o shareholders: through increasing the value of theirstockholding• Tonnes o society: through healthcare benefits, interaction incommunities, volunteering, donations It is difficult to quantify the external impacts of these valuecontributions besides the direct monetary value or the "cost" tocreate this value.
Raw materials, air, energy, emissions and watermust also be viewed as costs to society, as they use commonresources.
The same is true of infrastructure, such as our useof roads, education and transport.
As a proxy to estimate themagnitude of the cost to society in relation to the value, wecan monetize the impacts using our carbon footprint in termsof CO equivalents for Scope 1, 2 and 3. We can then compare 2 this to the net value added to our stakeholders (3,703 mio CHF),which is a proxy to estimate the value for society.
If we assumea carbon price of 100 CHF, the result (the "cost" of creating thisvalue) would be 235 mio CHF, which is a fraction (around 6%)of the value created for society.SDG 3 Good Health and Wellbeing" As a leading partner to the healthcare industry, weare well positioned to deliver meaningful changewhen it comes to Good Health and Wellbeing.Our focus on environment, safety,quality and 'right first time' enablesus to best serve the planet, ouremployees, our customers, and theirpatients in enabling a healthier world."Pierre-Alain Ruffieux Chief Executive Officer 8 Forest, Cannock Chase, Staffordshire, England
About Lonza About Us Economic Performance We strive to create value for our shareholders, customers,Founded in Switzerland 125 years ago in 1897, we are a leading employees, suppliers and communities.
We distribute our derivedstrategic global partner to the healthcare industry.
We work to economic value to various stakeholders through a variety ofenable a healthier world by supporting our customers to deliver streams.
These include employees through compensation andnew and innovative medicines that help treat a wide range of benefits, shareholders through share price appreciation anddiseases.
We achieve this by combining technological insight dividends, suppliers and service providers through raw materialwith world-class manufacturing, scientific expertise and process and service contracts, and society and governments throughexcellence.
Our unparalleled breadth of offerings enables our taxes and local community projects.
Part of the earned value iscustomers to commercialize their discoveries and innovations retained in the company for further growth through innovation,in the pharmaceutical, biotech and nutrition markets.
strategic investments and bolt-on acquisitions.
Our tax report/policy is available on our website.
For further information, please We operate across five continents and our structure of four see the Financial Statements section of our 2022 Annual Report.divisions has been designed to capture synergies and meetthe needs of our global customers.
More information on ourbusiness and markets is provided in the Our Businesses sectionof our 2022 Annual Report.Lonza's Business Divisions Small Molecules Cell & Gene Biologics Capsules &Health Ingredients 9
Sustainability Report 2022 We continue to focus on our growth trajectory by making targeted Net Value Added to the Various Stakeholders 2022 investments while optimizing our business and product portfolio.Item Million CHF % In 2023, we will prioritize the following key internal initiatives:Total 3,703 100• F ully integrating material ESG measures and aligning of our To employees 2,139 57.8 ESG ambitions with compensation systems• C ontinuing to focus on business continuity, alongside the To the company 992 26.8 health and safety of our employees• Continuing levels of capital expenditure (CAPEX) investment To shareholders 228 6.2 to meet customer demand and deliver sustained growth To public authorities 251 6.8 • Focusing on talent attraction, retention and development tosupport expansion and sustainable growth To lenders 95 2.6• E stablishing and strengthening systems and processes across To non-controlling interests (2) (0.1) our divisions, to optimize efficiency and delivery Governance In accordance with the law and the Lonza Articles of Association,the Board of Directors (Board) is the most senior managementbody of Lonza Group.
The Board defines the strategic directionand is responsible for the supervision of the persons entrustedwith the Group's management.
The members of the Executive Committee (EC) are appointed by the Board.
The EC is responsiblefor managing Lonza globally and for implementing policies andstrategies as defined by the Board.1,995 Lonza's Financialmio.Performance 2022 CORE EBITDA in CHF 6,223 mio.Sales in CHF 11.4 ROIC in %32.1 CORE EBITDA margin in % Echeveria elegans
About Lonza Sustainability governance at corporate level is assured by the Sustainability Governance Structure SRC and the Safety and Sustainability Steering Board (SSSB).The SRC meets on a monthly basis and includes members from Global Sustainability, Ethics & Compliance, EHS, Corporate Board of Directors Responsibility and Enterprise Risk Management.
Its responsibilitiesinclude the following:Executive Committee • Defining Lonza's sustainability strategy implementation andalignment with global functions, e.grams., Operations, Human Resources, Finance, etc.• Providing leadership, driving awareness and engagement in Sustainability and Risk Committeesustainability• Overseeing the running of programs aligned with the seven UN SD Gs and supporting their Program Managers Safety and Sustainability Steering Board • Serving as a link and source of dialogue between internalnetworks and external stakeholders• Encouraging sharing of established best practice acrossdivisions and functions Network Safety and Sustainability Councils The SSSB deals with the operational aspects of safety andsustainability, and meets on a quarterly basis.
It includes global Site EHS Council management from EHS, Sustainability, Operations, Engineering,Business Unit / Division / Function Procurement, HR, Corporate Responsibility and Enterprise Risk Management, as well as the Head of Group Operations (who isalso an EC member).
Its responsibilities include:• meter onitoring the EHS and sustainability performance of the Governance and oversight over sustainability and ESG is with business divisions and aligning corporate and divisional targetsthe Board, headed by the Chairman of the Board, with specific • I dentifying significant operational EHS and sustainability risks,aspects covered by the Board's committees (the Nomination and emerging issues, regulatory developments and compliance Compensation Committee, Audit and Compliance Committee, mattersand Innovation and Technology Committee).
While the Board • E ndorsing global EHS and sustainability procedures andacts as sponsor and overall owner of the ESG program, its standards and ensuring involvement of the business divisionsimplementation is the responsibility of the EC.
The Board and • R eviewing quarterly audit summaries and significantits Committees review and endorse Lonza's sustainability efforts governmental enforcement notices, citations and actionsand reporting, including a regular update on Lonza's sustainability to drive appropriate corrective actions and programsprograms and selected key performance indicators, as well asregular updates on new regulatory and other developments We further enhanced our ESG agenda by working with the Boardrelating to ESG which are of importance to our business and and Management to embed ESG targets into our compensationstakeholders.
framework as of 2022. These targets include relevant materialtopics aligned with the seven SD Gs.
The Board and its Nomination The Sustainability and Risk Committee (SRC), led by the Lonza and Compensation Committee are conducting an independent Group General Counsel and Company Secretary, manages evaluation of Lonza's ESG program on an annual basis, with aidentified material topics (as shown in the Materiality Matrix direct impact on compensation and (if warranted) organizationalon page 15) and is responsible for sustainability reporting.
practices and composition of the EC.
At our Annual General Reporting to Lonza's Group General Counsel, the Head of Global Meeting, the feedback from our stakeholders and the election Sustainability and the Head of Global Environment, Health and or re-election of each Board member provide good annual Safety (EHS) and their teams are responsible for proposing the measures of the Board's evaluation by external stakeholders.corporate sustainability strategy and for the implementation The Sustainability Report is reviewed by the Nomination andand oversight of the Safety and Sustainability Policy.
At a Compensation Committee (NCC) and the Audit and Compliancedivisional level, sustainability representatives report to each Committee (ACC), with final approval by the Board of Directors.Division Operations Head to support the implementation of ESG initiatives and divisional programs.
Further details on Corporate Governance and the Group Structure can be found in the Corporate Governance sectionof our 2022 Annual Report.11
Sustainability Report 2022 Employee Community 17,494 7.9% 21 percentEmployees (FTE) Growth in employee population Internal promotion rate 12021: 16,218 2021: 15.2% 2021: 22.7 percent28 12.8% 110+Countries with employee presence Total turnover Nationalities 2021: 30 2021: 12.7% Mainly from Switzerland, United States, China, and United Kingdom Employee Community Our employee population continued to grow throughout 2022, Full-time Employees 16,894 to 17,4942 colleagues by the end of the year.
We focused on theonboarding, training and development of our new employees,while ensuring that colleagues who joined in a high growthperiod continued to feel supported to learn and develop - andto ultimately grow and stay at Lonza.To support talent attraction and retention, we regularly analyzeand monitor voluntary and involuntary turnover at a site, division,function and group level.
Like for many other companies, 2022 brought challenges with a turnover rate of 12.8% (includingvoluntary and involuntary cases), similar to the previous year.Americas (31%) Male (65)%The current turnover still leaves us positioned in the average APAC (18%) Female (35 %)range of our industry.
We employ tools to analyze the reasons for EMEA (51%) Other (<1%)turnover (such as our Lonza Exit Survey and Voice of Employee Headcount Survey) and also focus on initiatives to address the necessarychanges.Sustainable, lean, data-driven and technology-enabled solutions Part-time Employees 820 continued to improve our efficacy and consistency in 2022,enhanced with a focus on a leader-driven approach.
This includesa new Leadership Framework to drive best-in-class leadershipacross the company, combined with additional and enhancedpeople dashboards to empower people managers with accessto the relevant information to manage their team's success.Together, we believe that our new technology, digitization,automation, and best-in-class people managers will ensuresustainable performance into the future.Americas (<1%) Male (34)%APAC (1%) Female (66%)EMEA (99%)1 Internal promotion rate scope and definition has been reviewed in the course of 2022 Headcountto align the Lonza definition to market practice.
This ensures market comparability andamends the 2021 figure to 22.7%.2 N umber in Full-Time Equivalents.
Total employee headcount is 17,714, including temporaryfixed-term contractors but excluding agency workers and consultants.
The remainingstatistics and numbers in this section refer to headcount.12
About Lonza Permanent Employees 17,464 Temporary Employees 652 Americas (30%) Male (64)% Americas (5%) Male (63)%APAC (17%) Female (36 %) APAC (28%) Female (37%)EMEA (53%) Other (<1%) EMEA (67%) Other (<1%)Includes regular employees, those on collective agreements and internationalassignees (headcount) Includes employees on fixed-term contract, interns and trainees (headcount)Contingent Workers 5,339 Broad Balance Across Age Groups Male Female>7066-6961-6556-6051-5546-5041-4536-4031-3526-3021-25<20 Americas (26%) Male (16)%APAC (7%) Female (7%)EMEA (67%) Other/Not available (77%) 2,500 2,000 1,500 1,000 500 0 0 500 1,000 1,500 2,000 2,500 Includes consultants, external contractors, outsourced service providers and Lonza allows employees to identify as male, female, transgender or to choose notagency staff (headcount) to disclose.
Eleven employees identified as transgender or chose not to disclose.Our Workforce 2021 2022 Gender (headcount) Male 10,574 11,271 Female 5,839 6,43240% 36 percentRegion (headcount) Americas 4,901 5,257 EMEA 8,534 9,352 APAC 2,983 3,105 Hires (headcount) 4,516 3,585 Female Female 28 percentHires by Region Americas 1,504 1,282 New Hires Employees(headcount)EMEA 2,393 1,805 APAC 619 498 Total Turnover (%) 12.7% 12.8 percentFemale Total Turnover by Region Americas 900 881 38% Management 3 25%(headcount)EMEA 693 958 APAC 310 351 Voluntary Turnover (%) Managers 8.9% 11.1 percentNon-managers 11.4% 9.3% Female Board Female Executive Involuntary Turnover (%) Managers 0.9% 2.2% Members Committee Members Non-managers 2.0% 1.4 percent3 Reflects females at director level and above.13
Sustainability Report 2022 Our Stakeholders We have identified relevant stakeholders who may have a vestedinterest in our performance and can directly or indirectly influencethe direction of the company.
These stakeholder groups areshown below.
We perceive international bodies such as the United Nations as authorities, and the relevant agreementsbetween states as a guideline for the industry.
The SD Gs guideand direct our corporate goals and approach to sustainability.As part of the sustainability reporting process, the mainstakeholder groups were categorized according to how thecompany may impact the stakeholder and how the stakeholdermay impact the company.
Results were verified with differentstakeholders within Lonza (Management, Business Units, Human Resources, Legal, Investor Relations and Communications),alongside external benchmarks.Our Stakeholders Suppliers Customers Group Management Direct Influenceand Board of Directors Employee Future Lenders Associations Talent Shareholders Local Employees Regulatorsand Investors Communities Financial Regulatory Business Society Markets Bodies Associations Rating Agencies Government/ Scientificand Competitors and Analysts Authorities Community Consumers Proxy NG Osand Patients Advisors Indirect Influence Media/General Public 14 Palm leaf
About Lonza Materiality Our priorities were validated by the SRC and by Group The most relevant stakeholder groups (or their proxies) were Management.
Further verification mapping was also undertakeninvolved in the 2021 materiality process to better understand using only input from external stakeholders, delivering similartheir specific requirements and priorities, specifically employees, results.
This report focuses on highly material topics.
Thecustomers, the scientific community, shareholders, financial moderate and low-rated topics are not necessarily covered inanalysts, Group Management and the Board.
our reports but are nonetheless monitored on a regular basis.The survey included topics listed in the GRI, as well as others Newly identified topics and requirements from ESG regulationsconsidered relevant to our industry following a benchmarking are also analyzed, prioritized and integrated based on theirassessment.
The materiality mapping, as shown below, was relevance.
Our ongoing dialogue with stakeholders, especiallybased on: with the sustainability experts of financial and proxy advisors,help us to refine our scope and identify new and additional• The main sustainability topics raised by our stakeholders material topics.
We have also added an appendix following the• Relevance to our business Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in our• Actual and potential impacts (e.grams.
physical, reputational) Sustainability Reports since 2021.• Our potential to influence or impact the topic• Significance or extent of the impact on our business Importance to Lonza Groupsredlohekat Sotecnatropm IActively Monitor Top Priorities Water and Occupational Health Effluentsand Safety Carbon emissions(Scope 1, 2 and 3)Governance Environment Supply Chain Waste Responsibility Social Energy Environmental Compliance Risk Management and Resilience Diversity and Equal Information Governance Opportunity Anti-Bribery/Anti-Corruption Employee Recruitment,Development and Innovating for Retention Sustainability Responsible Employment Employee Ethicsand Compliance Employee Engagement Supplier Environmental Other Air Improvement Emissions Financial Health and Performance Public Policy Monitor Actively Manage 15
Sustainability Report 2022 Stakeholder Engagement Our entities regularly engage with their relevant stakeholders As part of our global commitments to peopleon a local level and incorporate their requirements for site and planet, it is important that we maintaindevelopment, though not necessarily in a formalized manner.open communication and engagement withthe communities in which we operate.
Our Regarding our people strategy, 2022 saw the development ofleadership and employee sounding boards to take feedback site in Visp (CH) has more than doubled inon new HR initiatives and to help us identify pain points in our the past ten years, with approximately 5,000 existing processes.
These sounding boards have provided critical full time employees now working at the site.insights into focus areas within our people strategy and have It is a priority for us to manage this growthalready served to enhance our Workforce Lifecycle (see oursustainably, delivering our planned expansions People and Society section).while remaining a good corporate citizen.
In In 2022, the annual meeting of the European Works Council May 2022, we organized a public "Lonza Forum"(EWC) took place in person with senior Lonza leaders includingwith community and regional representatives,the CEO.
It included an update on the business, Lonza's peopleincluding local media.
The event exploredstrategy and other HR-related topics.
Ad hoc sessions withits local representatives took place during the year to update Lonza's vision for the Visp site and surroundingmembers of the Council on people-related topics.
Upper Valais, and gave a platform for opendiscussion with the community about the Around 50 virtual and face-to-face meetings took place withimpact of such growth upon local infrastructure,shareholders, key proxy advisors and rating partners discussingcorporate governance, incentive compensation, sustainability housing and mobility.
Visp is an important partand other relevant topics.
We also maintain regular contact with of our legacy, our present and our future, andour customers through our sales teams at a divisional level andwe continue to involve the community in thethrough direct contact with group leadership.latest developments at the heart of this key As part of the annual sustainability reporting process, we manufacturing center.specifically engage with selected internal and external stakeholdergroups, so that we may include their views on material topics.We are also active on multiple social media platforms, whichhave proved to be valuable channels through which we canengage in conversation and receive feedback from individualsor groups.Lonza Corporate Social Media Presence 2022 In 2022 we continued to increase our social mediapresence.
These numbers show the number offollowers as of 1 January 2023.19% 17%>240,000 >5,000-2% 30%>53,000 >2,8004%>7,90016
About Lonza Associations Lonza joined the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) in 2009. We are committed to aligning our business and operationswith these universally accepted principles of sustainabledevelopment.
This encompasses the areas of human and laborrights, anti-corruption and environmental sustainability.
Lonza isfully committed to implementing the UN Global Compact's Ten Principles.
As of 2022, our communication on progress will besubmitted in the online questionnaire on the UNGC platform,instead of being included within the Sustainability Report.We have been a member of the non-profit business membershiporganization Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative (PSCI) since 2019. The PSCI is a group of pharmaceutical and healthcarecompanies, which share a vision to achieve better social,environmental and economic outcomes.
This includes:• Fair and safe work conditions and practice• Responsible business practice• Environmental sustainability and efficient use of resources The initiative aims to bring together the pharmaceutical industryto define, implement and champion responsible supply chainpractice.
It has developed a set of principles to deliver a moresustainable supply chain.
We have embedded these principlesin our Supplier Code of Conduct and we actively encourageour suppliers to follow them.We are a member of various associations in the pharmaceuticaland biopharmaceutical industry sectors, as well as in the widerbusiness community.
Associations may serve a variety of purposes,such as exchanging best practice, aligning on public policyissues or collaborating on advocacy activities.
The followinglist shows some of those associations: Scienceindustries,Swiss Holdings, Biophorum Operations Group, Drug, Chemicaland Associated Technologies Association, International Societyfor Cellular Therapy, International Society for Pharmaceutical Engineering, Parenteral Drug Association, American Society for Quality, Alliance for Regenerative Medicine, Association A 3 P,Together for Sustainability and Rx-360 Consortium.17
Sustainability Report 2022 Customer Satisfaction Delivering a great customer experience is a priority across Customer Visionour business.
We are incredibly proud to serve thousands ofcustomers every year, in order to fulfill our purpose of enabling Deliver a greata healthier world.customer experience,During 2022, we ran our annual Lonza Promoter Score (LPS)survey for the third consecutive year.
The survey is deployed as recognized by ouracross all four divisions to provide us with a quantifiable andconsistent measure of customer engagement.
LPS also forms customers.a key component of our work towards SDG 3 (Good Health and Wellbeing) by measuring the satisfaction of our customers whodeliver life-saving and life-enhancing medicines to patients.
" Lonza has been a great partner in the development ofour program for the past three-plus years.
We value The results reflect the progress of our customer-centricity Lonza's commitment to our program and willingness toinitiatives.
In alignment with the results of previous LPS surveys, meet project deliverables by giving their 100%." (Small/the 2022 survey found that our customers continue to value our Emerging Pharma)highly skilled employee community.
From molecular biologiststo process chemists and business support functions, our " We work with a lot of centimeters Os / CDM Os, and there are fewcustomers actively seek the expertise of our people to help with the level of expertise, structure, and leadership ofsolve their complex challenges.
This feedback was consistent Lonza.
Thank you for being so dependable, professional,across our customer base, from large pharma - where our and at the 'cutting edge' of the industry!" (Mid Pharma)capabilities complement their internal resources - to smallerand emerging customers, who often do not have internal " Lonza is considered more than a supplier but more amanufacturing expertise or assets.
collaborator - they are considered as almost part of theteam." (Big Pharma)In addition, our services and products were widely praisedby our customers for their high quality.
This ranges from our " Lonza is a trusted partner and shows science and data-CDMO services - from early-stage clinical supply to large-scale driven philosophies and approaches.
The technical peoplecommercial manufacturing - to our Bioscience and Capsule & on the floor are very knowledgeable." (Big Pharma)Health Ingredients products.
We are proud to supply a premiumoffering to the market, which is supported by high customersatisfaction levels and an understanding of our value proposition.The continued progress against our customer ambitions shows Lonza Customer Satisfaction Survey 2022 that we are firmly on track to reach our goals.
Our group visionto bring any therapy to life is underpinned by delivering a>1,500 seamless customer experience, and we will continue to makethis a priority in everything we do.Responses 18
About Lonza Tea field 19
Sustainability Report 2022 Responsibility The findings of our process are presented to and discussedannually with the EC, the Audit Committee and the Board.Some of the trends influencing the industry are viewed asopportunities rather than risks for companies in the healthcareindustry such as ourselves.
An increased focus on Environmental,Every day, our products and services have a positive impact on Social, and Governance (ESG) topics, including climate change,the lives of millions of people.
This is not only a great privilege, geopolitical and macroeconomic shifts, as well as trends suchbut also a great responsibility.
The manner in which we achieve as aging societies, growing populations and the increasingour business results is just as important as the achievements need for access to healthcare and medicines are consideredthemselves.
Responsible business is both an ethical and a in the company's enterprise risk assessment.
An increasingcommercial imperative.
growing focus on ESG topics - , as well as trends such as agingsocieties, growing populations and the increasing need for safe Our focus on enabling treatments that prevent illness and and abundant food - , are directly considered in our enterprisesupport healthier lifestyles extends to our responsibilities risk assessment and shape our global strategy.
Alongside this,across environmental, social and financial areas.
Our people we also includeincorporate climate, natural and environmentalunderstand that to make real differences in our business and in risks into our assessment.the communities in which we operate, we must always act withintegrity.
Our culture and communities benefit globally and locally For more information about ERM, see the Financial Statementsfrom our collective commitment to ethical business practices section of our 2022 Annual Report.and sustainability in how we work to improve the quality of life.Cybersecurity We take an active and robust approach to provide value to The security of information and data is a priority for our business.all stakeholders through our work, our partnerships and our It enables us to maintain constant availability of our criticalcommunity involvement.
We work to generate sustainable value systems and to protect our information, including informationfor our stakeholders, communities, employees, customers, entrusted to us by our customers and partners.shareholders and suppliers around the world.
We value inclusionwhich means being supportive, respectful and responsible The Lonza IT Security Department is working to put appropriatetoward others.
Human rights aspects are being incorporated into technical, procedural and organizational safeguards in placeour due diligence of suppliers and customers.
We periodically for our information systems, including testing for potentialevaluate how well our promises of integrity and inclusion are security weaknesses.
The department also provides trainingfulfilled in our workplace through assessments, surveys and to our employees and contingency workers about how theyevaluations of internal controls.
contribute to the security of our information assets.
The IT Security team's activities in 2022 included:Risk Management • Continued expansion and enhancement of governance andpolicy, based on international standards We apply the precautionary principle within a systematic risk • Implementing a robust, user-friendly and scalable securitymanagement framework.
Risk management is a process applied architecture including solutions and servicesat both a micro and macro level - from the shop floor of a single • Optimizing the security operations service, rapid responsesite to the whole Group.
Selected elements include: and risk awareness• meter inimizing possible business disruption and empowering• Job safety analysis, technical safety reviews of equipment associates to work securely and effectively in an internationally• Process hazard analysis, audits and inspections collaborative environment• S ite risk analysis, including fire safety, natural risk, andinterruption risk Our IT security strategy includes implementing holistic,• Supply chain risk analysis preventive, detective, and reactive IT security measures in line• Enterprise risk management (ERM) including ESG risks with the relevant risk levels.
We also provide risk assessments,contribute to enterprise risk management and define security Our ERM program is a critical element of our risk management and IT control requirements for projects and risk remediationand strategic planning activities and provides a mechanism measures.
Finally, we promote compliance with applicable lawsand appropriate governance for risk management.
It enables and regulations in collaboration with Legal, Quality Assuranceus to identify the most significant risks to our organization that and other departments.impact value to our stakeholders, along with mitigation plansto minimize the probability and/or impact of negative risks.
Therisk identification process includes a specific focus on ESG risks,in particular those related to climate change.20
Responsibility We run ongoing training and awareness initiatives on the Data Protectionsubject of information security.
Recent surveys indicate that We take data protection seriously across our global network.more than 95% of our employees are aware of their critical role Our guiding principle is the General Data Protection Regulationin protecting our information.
New technologies and methods (GDPR), in addition to any national law of those countries in whichare being used to ensure this awareness remains high, without we operate.
Every employee commits to follow our Internalreducing the impact of the message.
Data Protection Guidelines.
These Guidelines are included inthe annual Code of Conduct training, which all employees are Secure Scorecard© rating Bitscore© rating required to complete.95 790 A ADVANCED The protection of our employees' and customers' personal datais critical to maintaining trust, reputation and license to operate.It has long been a focus for the Privacy Taskforce, meetingmonthly to address concerns and developing issues.
Taskforce Our information security ratings are above average for the members include our Data Protection Officer and dedicatedindustry and have been for more than a year.
These ratings 4 are members from across our divisions, sites and functions, includingprovided by independent organizations based on a technical colleagues from the Legal, IT and Marketing Departments.analysis of our assets and provide a snapshot of cybersecurity risk.The privacy and cookie policies for our website are updatedregularly to provide our customers and website visitors withoptimal levels of choice and safety.4 Bit Sight uses a credit rating style measurement to communicate IT Security Risk.Bit Sight Security Ratings are calculated on a scale of 250-900, with a higher ratingindicating better security performance.
Secure Scorecard uses a combination of datapoints and then applies proprietary algorithms to articulate an organization's securityeffectiveness into a quantifiable A-F score.Measures and Activities to Enhance IT Security Preventive Incident Testing Measures Response• Enhanced Technical Standards • Data Breach Response Plans • Penetration tests on critical• Various countermeasures in place • Security Incident Response Plans externally facing websitesto address modern threats • A ctive Security Operations Center • Phishing and other active testsmonitoring and Response team • Compliance testing andassessments• Vulnerability tests and mitigation Training Policy & Governance Framework• S ecurity Fundamentals • F ramework for IT Security & • Active Internal Compliance• Data Privacy Compliance committees with representatives• Periodic Awareness Updates, • Tonnes echnology Standards from across the business E-trainings, simulated phishing • Processes and Procedures • Periodic Executive Committee andand on-site trainings Audit & Compliance Committeebriefings 21
Sustainability Report 2022 Ethics and Compliance Regulatory Compliance Our culture is expressed through our values of Integrity, Inclusion, We are committed to regulatory compliance and ethical behavior Innovation and Initiative.
These guide how we behave in our daily across all areas of our business and operations.
As our industrywork.
We encourage each other to exemplify integrity through is highly regulated, we are regularly inspected by variousaccountability, honesty, doing the right thing, and having the regulatory authorities, certification bodies and customers.
Anycourage to speak up if something may not be right.
findings during these inspections are addressed and used tosupport continuous improvement in the management reviews of Our Code of Conduct provides behavioral guidance and Site Heads and their teams.
Regular internal audits of differentexpectations to help all colleagues understand that doing functions (e.grams., EHS audit, loss prevention visits, quality audit)what is right every day matters.
All colleagues and contract provide both oversight and governance.workers are required to complete the training annually, up to andincluding our EC and our Board.
This includes a confirmation by In 2022, our sites underwent 36 health authority inspections.
Inour colleagues that they have read and understand the Code, line with the increase in commercial development and productionwhich consists of requirements to follow not only our policies and a growing service portfolio, the number of customer auditsbut also the laws governing our operations in the geographies in also continued to increase.
Regular inspections and audits arewhich we have a presence, as well as a signed integrity pledge.
a valuable feedback loop to support compliance across the We target our web-based training for ethics and compliance company.courses at 100% completion.
In addition, we work closely withsite HR teams so that colleagues and contract workers without EHS compliance is also critical to our operations.
Each siteweb access receive yearly Code of Conduct training and execute employs a management system approach, which includesan integrity pledge.
regular information updates on legal changes and a complianceassurance mechanism with internal and external controls.
Various Other global training topics beyond our Code of Conduct include sites have implemented a certified ISO 14001 system, whichanti-bribery, anti-corruption, discrimination and harassment, includes oversight of regulatory requirements.
Additionally, weconfidentiality and information security, conflicts of interest, received assurance from a Swiss certification body that Lonza'sfair competition (anti-trust), protection of assets, speaking up, Corporate EHS management system is fully aligned with IS Ounconscious bias, and workplace safety.
14001 and ISO 45001 standard requirements.To support our focus on encouraging colleagues to speak up, In 2022, we recorded 11 environmental incidents acrosswe have a confidential reporting mechanism hosted by a third- our network, which were largely due to wastewater permitparty service provider that allows colleagues to voice concerns exceedances, and seven process safety incidents, mostlyanonymously (if the law permits) 24 hours of training per employee a day, seven days a related to contained spills.
Any given fines are an indication ofweek.
Concerns regarding misconduct or potential misconduct non-compliance and are reported into the environmental datamay be raised by employees, contractors or others working system and assessed to identify the root causes.with Lonza online, by phone, via email, post, or text message.In 2022, no concerns were raised to a level resulting in fines or Product Complianceother non-monetary sanctions of the company.
All our product manufacturing practices are highly regulatedto ensure the required standards of quality and efficacy.
All We respect international labor rights, which is set out in our products must be evaluated, manufactured, labeled and usedhuman rights statement in our Code of Conduct.
We also expect appropriately, to exclude health and safety risks for customersour suppliers to follow the human rights and labor requirements and end-consumers.in our Supplier Code of Conduct.
We have zero tolerance forthe use of forced, bonded or child labor.
We do not condone We also consider public perceptions, regulation and globalor tolerate the trafficking of people through force, coercion, chemical management initiatives such as the Globally Harmonizedfraud, sexual acts, involuntary servitude or slavery, nor do we System (GHS) for the classification, labeling and packaging ofallow other inhumane treatment, threats of physical punishment, chemicals.or coercion.22
Responsibility We are predominantly involved in business-to-business However, many regulatory authorities continue to requiretransactions.
We work to ensure that our customers can safely animal testing to ensure the safe handling and use of products,use our products for their intended purpose.
Generally, our especially in the development of health ingredients.
In suchcustomers also have their own procedures and specialists to cases, we carefully select independent contract laboratoriesassess risks, and we aim to provide the foundation and necessary that meet the highest ethical and quality standards and aredata to support the safe use of their products.
accredited for animal welfare protection.
All study protocols areapproved by the institutional ethics board and the Institutional Product health and safety profiles are evaluated through Animal Care and Use Committee (IACUC).systematic processes and procedures that are embedded inour organizational and business structure.
We have experts We continue to work with animals to produce LAL (Limulusin regulatory compliance and registration, dangerous goods Amebocyte Lysate) Assay, which is used in Quality Control (QC)and product classifications, toxicology, risk assessment and tests to ensure that injected pharmaceuticals and implantedproduct stewardship, covering the regions and markets in medical devices are free from endotoxins and safe for patientwhich we operate.
Potential hazards and risks associated with use.
The blood of the North American Horseshoe Crab (Limulustheir intended use are clearly communicated to our customers polyphemus) is the only known natural source that can be usedvia product labels, Safety Data Sheets (SDS) and technical in this assay.communications.Blood is collected from crabs in a similar way to human blood Our processes for assessing and improving the health and donation and we follow best practice to safeguard their wellbeing.safety impacts of our products remain a focus for growth and Crabs are collected close to shore after the main annual spawninginvestment.
This is particularly important as we continue to period and are harmlessly marked to ensure they are usedintegrate newly acquired products and businesses into our only once in any given season before being safely returned tostewardship and management structures.
the water.Our product formulation expertise, regulatory assurance and We do everything we can to minimize the impact of our work onglobal regulatory support provide distinct competitive advantages horseshoe crabs while pioneering the introduction of alternatives.in a world of increasing registration, labeling and packaging In 2003, we developed the first animal-free endotoxin detectionrequirements for chemicals.
We have a team of more than 80 method, Pyro Gene® r FC Assay, which relies on a man-maderegulatory experts in Europe, the Americas and Asia Pacific recombinant form.
We continue to see increasing interest fromwho serve and support our business globally.
the industry in alternative approaches of this nature.Relevant programs include the European Registration, Evaluation,Authorization and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) initiative, Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruptionthe US EPA Toxic Substances Control Act (TSCA) and California Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act (Proposition The importance of conducting business in an ethical and 65).
In addition, other countries are launching similar regulatory compliant manner is at the forefront of all of our interactions.schemes (e.grams., China-REACH, Korea K-REACH and K-BPR, Turkey We take a zero-tolerance approach to bribery and corruption KKDIK and UK-REACH).
These are ongoing efforts, and we strive and we are committed to acting professionally, fairly and withto comply with requirements, including those related to REACH integrity at all times.
We expect all employees, across all divisions Substances of Very High Concern (SVHC).
and locations, to act with integrity every day.
All colleagues arerequired to complete annual Code of Conduct training that The health and safety of our employees will always remain contains anti-bribery and anti-corruption materials.
Employeesour top priority.
During 2022, more than 700 substances were in relevant roles are required to take additional detailed trainingassessed or reassessed for their safe handling limits in relation on anti-bribery and anti-corruption.to the risk of exposure to chemicals in the work environment.We frequently communicate key elements of our Anti-Bribery Animal Testing and Anti-Corruption Policy to supplement our training programs.Wherever possible, we use validated alternatives to animal Short videos, infographics and stories of misconduct are providedtesting.
We have developed alternatives, including the primary to colleagues to reinforce Lonza's expectations regardingcell and media product lines in Bioscience Solutions, which compliance.
As with all ethics and compliance policies, ourcan replace animal models in research and development labs.
Anti-Corruption and Anti-Bribery Policy is accessible in multiplelanguages on our intranet.23
Sustainability Report 2022 In addition, the Supplier Code of Conduct sets out our Each year, we benchmark our reporting data against othercommitments to working against corruption and bribery.
This companies similar in size, industry, revenue and/or geographicapplies to all our suppliers, as well as to any subcontractors or location.
Multiple data points (e.grams., submission type, disclosure ofthird parties that a supplier may engage in the performance of the reporter, source of the report, etc.) are consistently reviewedtheir contractual obligations.
Currently, suppliers are required to to measure the effectiveness of the hotline and investigation.implement internal measuring procedures, tools and indicators Our results were similar to, met, or exceeded benchmarkto guarantee compliance with the Supplier Code of Conduct standards in multiple categories, which further highlights theprinciples.
They are encouraged to report any violations via effectiveness of Lonza's Speak Up program.
Areas that do note-mail or the Lonza Ethics Hotline.
meet our expectations or benchmark information are addressedvia targeted training and communications programs, as well as Our Ethics & Compliance Group is charged with monitoring and enhancements to the overall Ethics & Compliance program.promoting compliance with anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.We conduct third-party due diligence checks and monitoring World's Most Ethical Companies Awardwith an automated interface as part of our anti-bribery and In 2022, we were recognized as one of the World's Most Ethicalanti-corruption efforts globally.
Companies by the Ethisphere Institute, a global leader in definingand advancing the standards of ethical business practices.Lonza Ethics Hotline For the second consecutive year, this recognition follows a The Lonza Ethics Hotline allows employees and stakeholders comprehensive and robust review of our company's governance,globally to report concerns anonymously (if allowed by their leadership and reputation, environmental and societal impact,jurisdiction), including those related to ethics and compliance ethics and compliance program, and overall commitment tomatters.
All concerns are handled confidentially.
On average, ethics.
Structured by Ethisphere's proprietary Ethics Quotient®,around four in ten incoming reports are substantiated.
Root the assessment process includes more than 200 data points,cause analysis and remediation measures are performed where and serves as an operating framework to capture and codifyappropriate on substantiated matters, and those found responsible the leading practices of organizations across industries andfor non-compliance or other violations may face disciplinary around the world.action (which may include termination of employment).The list distinguishes companies that influence society andthe global business community to drive positive change.
It also Lonza Ethics Hotline highlights companies working with partners and customers thatoperate with integrity.2020 2021 2022 number of reports per 1,000 employees 12.5 13.9 13.7% of reports which are only inquiries 29% 29% 28 percentSubstantiation rate 39% 38% 37 percentAnonymity rate 25% 33% 22 percentThe Ethics & Compliance Group regularly conducts assessmentsof hotline submissions for trending and benchmark purposes.
Operations Assessed for Risks Related to Corruption Data generated from these assessments are used to guide training We conduct periodic assessments to identify corruption andand communications around geographies or business units, as bribery risks across business areas and geographies.
Takingwell as to measure the effectiveness of existing training, policies Lonza's material topics into consideration (based on our 2021 or procedures.
A review of hotline data has shown consistent materiality assessments), risks relating to existing operations,utilization, although we observed minor levels of continued future planned operations, suppliers and other interactions arefluctuation in reporting related to the COVID-19 pandemic.
This categorized by likelihood and impact.
This is completed internallyis similar to what has been observed by peer companies.
A wide with guidance from external experts.
Where higher risks arerange of case submissions indicates an awareness and comfort identified, mitigation plans are developed and implementedin speaking up across all aspects of the business.
An increasing as required.tendency to use electronic methods for sharing concerns hasalso been noted.
For example, people are using the web formfour times more frequently than the hotline phone number toshare concerns.24
Responsibility In 2021, twelve risk assessments concerning business ethics issues The teams also focused on the implementation of two keywere conducted and completed.
Six of these assessments were strategic programs.
Firstly, we conducted an end-to-end review ofglobally focused, and six more were regional or site-specific.
In procure-to-pay processes to streamline the purchasing journey.2022, another 13 additional risk assessments were conducted and Secondly, we launched our Responsible Sourcing program tocompleted.
Of these, eight were global, and five were regional or embed ESG principles and requirements within our procurementsite-specific.
Any required remediation steps are implemented management processes.
We worked with our suppliers topromptly upon review and completion of risk assessments.
An understand and adopt these requirements and principles.
Thisethics and compliance audit and assessment schedule and approach will help drive sustainability and decarbonizationplan are created annually to evaluate program risks, develop across our value chain, in alignment with our ambitions underappropriate remediation, and improve and further integrate SDG 12 (Responsible Consumption and Production).ethics and compliance processes into business operations.The breadth and diversity of our business are reflected in oursupply chain, which involved approximately 15,200 suppliers Supply Chain Responsibility in 2022. Approximately 1,600 are direct material suppliersranging from basic chemicals and naturally derived materials Lonza's supply chain remained resilient to several global such as gelatin, to high-end systems and consumables forchallenges in 2022. Around the world, teams experienced supply biopharmaceuticals or specialized components for cell andshortages, including for single-use items and resins.
Teams also gene therapy production.faced challenges in securing sufficient capacity from buildingcontractors to maintain momentum around the constructionprojects supporting our investment programs.
At the same time, Lonza Supplier Baseinflationary pressures mounted globally throughout the courseof the year, in the key areas of energy, labor and freight pricing.
Supplier % of spend number of % direct /Location Suppliers 5 % indirect APAC 29% >4,300 45% / 55 percentIn response to these challenges, our procurement teams initiated EMEA 14% >3,300 60% / 40 percentseveral global programs.
A cross-functional taskforce was Americas 57% >7,500 27% / 73 percentestablished with Supply Chain, Manufacturing and Procurement,to coordinate supply issues and support business continuity.
Asa result, we experienced only marginal impact on production Management Approachlevels.
For the investment programs, an initiative reviewed In order to manage supply chain complexity, our Procurementrequirements early on, to reserve contractor capacity well in team includes category managers and site-based buyers, alladvance.
Our response to mitigating inflationary pressures on focusing on procurement excellence.
They develop and implementour business included a focus on securing long-term agreements category strategies and manage the selection of suppliers andand a program to reduce avoidable expenditure.
negotiation of terms on behalf of our divisions and enablingfunctions.
This approach leverages synergies by bundling know-how and procurement spend.
These specialists also reduce SDG 12 R esponsible Consumption our exposure to supply risks by scouting, evaluating and drivingand Production technical innovation and digital solutions.
All activities are designedbased on the Procurement Policy, which outlines the fundamental" Our purpose to enable a healthier world comesprinciples of our procurement activity.with great responsibility.
That responsibility extendsnot only to what we do, but also how we do it.In 2022, a Responsible Sourcing team was assembled within We are committed to working together with ourthe Procurement Excellence function, directly reporting to thesuppliers and partners on responsible Head of Procurement.
The team is responsible for elaboratingconsumption and production to Lonza's Responsible Sourcing strategy and implementingreduce carbon footprint throughoutsupplier sustainability and decarbonization initiatives globally.the entire value chain."We also updated and expanded our Supplier Code of Conduct Christian Seufert, President,in 2022. The Code is available in all relevant languages.
It covers Capsules & Health Ingredients (CHI)areas of ethics (including anti-bribery, anti-corruption, andconflict minerals), labor and human rights (including child labor),health, safety, environment, governance and managementsystems.
It is also integrated into electronic ordering systemsand contractual terms throughout Lonza Group.5 Numbers in this chapter concern indirect and direct spend as consolidated by theend of January 2023. Excludes out of scope spend, such as spend with intracompany,taxes, donations, pensions etc.25
Sustainability Report 2022 Responsible Sourcing As examples, we are partnering with the Pharmaceutical Supply The new Responsible Sourcing program is aligned with the OECD Chain Initiative (PSCI) and Together for Sustainability (Tf S)Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Business Conduct.
Initiative.
These associations aim to establish and harmonize Firstly, we developed a risk-based assessment which identified supply chain oversight regarding governance and sustainability,and evaluated prevailing risks in the supplier's country (country enhancing supplier performance for pharmaceutical andrisk) and risks resulting from the supplier's sector (purchasing chemical value chains.category risk).
This includes environmental criteria (includingclimate and energy), social standards (including child labor) and As a PSCI member, we perform audits of our key suppliers, ashealth and safety.
This process delivered an initial prioritization well as undergoing audits by our customers.
Our Tf S membershipof suppliers for further evaluation.
unlocks access to a large number of assessment scorecardsand audit reports carried out by selected, independent audit In addition, the Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions reporting (see Environment companies on behalf of Tf S member organizations.
We also workchapter) demonstrates that the top source of Greenhouse Gas emissions is with Eco Vadis for online supplier sustainability risk assessmentspurchased goods and services.
In this context, we established and performance management.a supplier decarbonization initiative to measure, manage andmitigate emissions in collaboration with suppliers over time.
We correlated these assessments to our own supplier baseto identify ESG strengths and improvement areas.
Based on Supplier Sustainability Initiative for Existing Suppliers the evaluation results, we work with each supplier to devise We use external sustainability evaluations to identify the ESG a Corrective Action Plan (CAP) and monitor progress until aimpacts of our suppliers.
To implement good industry standards re-evaluation takes place.and the use of comparable data, we collaborate with peercompanies and refer to industry initiatives.
We recently received the silver medal for our own Eco Vadisassessment.
We achieved a higher score in sustainableprocurement in this assessment than in previous years - anacknowledgment of our advanced management system for 2022 responsible sourcing.Percentage of spend from suppliers covered by 33 percentsustainability evaluations Responsible Sourcing Framework Communicate Govern Report on progress of responsible ESG compliance integrated into sourcingsourcing actions in Lonza Sustainability processes (Procurement Policy, dedicated Report, and in external rating systems 06 01 training).
Supplier Code of Conduct(e.grams.
Eco Vadis, CDP).
integrated in electronic ordering systemsand contractual terms.Monitorperformance Identify impact Supplier Monitor ESG performance of Risk-based screening 05 02 suppliers through ongoing Due methodology on supplier base, toperformance evaluation process, Diligence identify and prioritize countriesinvolving regular exchanges with and purchasing markets that maysuppliers, and via Ethics and be associated with heightened Compliance Hotline.
levels of ESG risks.Prevent, Mitigate, Cease 04 03 Verify compliance Work with suppliers to identify breaches Verify compliance and prioritizeto requirements in Supplier Code of supplier engagements with self-Conduct and implement corrective assessment questionnaires; mediaactions, when appropriate.
screening and/or audits.26
Responsibility"conflict minerals").
Our due diligence process embodies the Supplier Sustainability Initiative Progress substantive components of the OECD Due Diligence Guidancefor Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected 2022 and High-Risk Areas (OECD Guidance).number of suppliers assessed for environmental impacts 2,434 number of suppliers identified as having actual or potential 49 Our Public Policy Statement forms the basis of our due diligencesignificant negative environmental impacts Percentage of suppliers identified as having actual or 41% program.
It clearly communicates our expectations to ourpotential significant negative environmental impacts and suppliers and promotes responsible sourcing of 3 TGs.
In 2022,with whom improvements were agreed upon as a result ofassessment we screened our direct purchased materials and surveyed number of suppliers assessed for social impacts 2,434 relevant suppliers using the internationally recognized Conflict number of suppliers identified as having actual or potential 33 Minerals Reporting Template developed by the Responsiblesignificant negative social impacts Minerals Initiative (RMI).
Our screening did not identify any Percentage of suppliers identified as having actual or 18 percentpotential significant negative social impacts and with whom relevant mineral import above de minimis amounts requiringimprovements were agreed upon as a result of assessment additional diligence.
We continually work to improve our duediligence practices to ensure conflict-free sourcing of 3 TGs.Due Diligence Process on Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Supplier Decarbonization Initiative for Existing Suppliersof Suppliers To support our corporate climate action targets (see Environment We operate an anti-bribery and anti-corruption (ABAC) due Chapter), the Procurement team engages relevant suppliers todiligence process, in which we monitor for high-risk suppliers.
measure, manage and reduce their Greenhouse Gas emissions.
In 2022, we This is operated by the Ethics & Compliance Group and integrated kicked off an initiative focusing on top suppliers responsible forinto the procurement supplier qualification and release process around 20% of total 2021 Scope 3 emissions.
This initiative wasthrough our ERP system (SAP).
Third parties in qualification are launched in partnership with two pharmaceutical companies,restricted in SAP until the due diligence process is complete.
and was supported by the participation of 60 shared suppliers All third parties, regardless of their interactions with Lonza, are across the three companies.
The shared aim is to understandscreened and continually monitored.
This aims to ensure that we the climate action plans of suppliers, drive mitigation measuresare notified if there is a change in status for any current supplier.
and share best practice across the supply chain.The screening process includes real-time corruption, trade We are also involved in industry-led initiatives to support emissionsanctions, human rights, environmental and adverse media reductions in the pharmaceutical value chain, including the PSC Iscreening for all third-party suppliers, with increased due diligence Scope 3 Working Group and the Scope 3 Maturity Benchmarkfor higher-risk third parties.
For the latter, the process includes from the Scope 3 Peer Group.mandatory completion of a due diligence questionnaire and tailoredanti-bribery, anti-corruption and competition law training.
Results Training and Development of the Procurement Communityfrom the questionnaire are scored to determine a supplier's risk To support the continual training and education of our procurementprofile.
Third parties with higher risk profiles are then reviewed professionals, we have launched a series of learning activitiesand assessed further by the Ethics & Compliance Group, and (e Learning, and in-house webinars) for all to remain up-to-dateadditional diligence is completed as required.
Complete due with the latest practices in Responsible Sourcing.
These include 7:diligence is performed on a two-year automated cycle or an adhoc cycle, depending on monitoring.
• Fundamentals on Lonza's policy around sustainability, attendedby 93% of the target audience (159)• Tonnes wo external sustainability courses, which provide a step-by-Supplier ABAC Due Diligence step guide to implementing a sustainability program in thesupply chain and linking it to everyday business activities,2022 6 were attended by 53% of the target audience (167)New suppliers screened for ABAC risk 100 percentNew suppliers identified as high-risk for ABAC 1.15 percentIn addition, all purchasing experts were offered training in focal New suppliers still undergoing ABAC due diligence (and 0.15 percentthus blocked for payment) areas such as ESG assessments, climate change and GH Gaccounting.
Finally, internal stakeholders in and beyond thepurchasing department were introduced to the new Responsible Sourcing program through a targeted internal communications Due Diligence Process for the Responsible Sourcing of campaign and a dedicated webpage.Minerals We have established a cross-functional team and developed acomprehensive due diligence program and relevant practices 6 These numbers also include ABAC third-party monitoring to Arxada, our formerrelating to minerals commonly summarized under the term "3 TG" Specialty Ingredients business, divested in 2021.7 Figures refer to the audience that the training was assigned to, and do not include(tin, tungsten, tantalum, gold - collectively known as potential external contingent workers not employed by Lonza.27
Sustainability Report 2022 Environment The targets are intensity targets based on million CHF sales tofactor in Lonza's continued growth.
They also reflect our diverseand evolving product portfolio, which includes the manufacturing ofpharmaceutical ingredients, medical capsules, food supplements,gene therapy and cell media, and the licensing of technologies As a Group, we continually strive to reduce our impact on natural and systems.
Such diversity can be normalized with a financialsystems and the environment, with a specific focus on energy, denominator.
Intensity targets can also be carried forward in thegreenhouse gases, water and waste.
Our "Vision Zero" initiative event of major acquisitions or divestments.aims to reduce workplace accidents, environmental and processincidents and strive to make meaningful improvements.
Programs Performance improvement is the responsibility of the site networkare developed at site level, in alignment with company priorities and operations management, reporting to the operational headsand goals.
We build multi-year roadmaps to enable continuous of the divisions.
At a local level, operations, engineering andimprovement and follow-up, reflecting the type and impact of EHS departments are responsible for devising and developingthe operations over a number of years.
multi-year rolling safety and sustainability roadmaps.
These aredesigned to drive compliance, efficiency and safety at a sitelevel, thereby helping reach our overall sustainability targets.2030 Targets Local goals are added according to the materiality analysis at Baseline 2018, Total Company (Per CHF 1 Million Sales) the sites (such as for water consumption and air emissions).Energy use, CO emissions, effluents, waste, water and emissions 2 data are reported quarterly by each site to Corporate EH Sand Global Sustainability.
This vital information forms the-36% -36% -24% basis for tracking our performance, revising reduction goalswhere required, and informing the design of potential capitalexpenditure projects to achieve major improvements in energyefficiency alongside other areas.Energy Intensity CO Intensity Waste Intensity 2 Our Progress in 2022 Reduction Reduction Reduction In 2022, 28% of the electricity we consumed was procuredand sourced from renewable sources.
We started a programto replace our traditional power mix with green electricity by 2025 by setting up virtual power purchase agreements (VPP As)Renewable Electricity Ambition for new wind and solar developments, installing onsite capacity,or purchasing renewable energy certificates.We are proud of our sustainability achievements so far,100% and we are committed to making further progress usingour SDG framework, with higher ESG performance targetsto accelerate momentum.Renewable Electricity by 2025 Our Progress in 2022(where available)2018 Baseline Energy [Gigajoules/mio CHF] (100%)2022 Achievement: 31% reduction We have reported within the CDP framework since 2007. 2030 Target: 36% reduction We also maintain reporting on other platforms, such as CO-eq [Scope 1 and 2 mt/mio CHF]2 Eco Vadis, to exchange sustainability data across the 2022 Achievement: 40% reductionsupply chain.2030 Target: 36% reduction Waste [mt/mio CHF]2022 Achievement: 37% reduction 2030 Target: 24% reduction 28
Environment This year, we recorded a significant reduction in the intensity Our continuous improvement goals and processes encompassnumbers.
This was related to the substantial growth of our existing facilities, as well as CAPEX investments and new facilities.business without footprint increases, alongside efficiency gains.
Our capital expenditure approval process includes a sustainability It is also a consequence of a technological shift from chemical assessment of larger projects, in which a project must showproduction to biologics and higher-value compound synthesis.
its contribution towards the company's ESG targets.
New All environmental data relates to Lonza's continuing operations "sustainability by design" standards have been implemented,and excludes all data from our former Specialty Ingredients aiming for more energy-efficient key utilities such as HVAC,business (divested in 2021), which significantly reduced our and compressed air.absolute environmental footprint.Since 2018, we have been working with a partner to analyze The reconfiguration of our business has resulted in a different data for energy sourcing, contracting and supply and demandand more volatile footprint-to-sales pattern.
However, as patterns, and to centralize data for all sites into one platform.the graph above shows, we have reached most of our 2030 This gives us a better understanding of how and where to furthermilestones early.
We are responding by resetting the 2030 improve energy efficiency and cost management.
Some sitesmilestones to 50% reductions in intensity from our previous have adopted an energy management system aligned with thetargets of 36% and 24%.
ISO 50000 framework, which includes an energy team, policy,target setting and a rolling action plan.New 2030 Targets As we have mostly achieved the 2030 targets and with our By carefully monitoring more than 140 different measuringcommitment to the Climate Action, Water and Infrastructuresignals and 61,000 data-lines of a new HVAC system in one SD Gs, we are introducing higher ambitions relating to ourof our plants in Visp (CH) over a period of one year, ourenvironmental performance moving forwards.team of experts identified one malfunction and severalopportunities to save energy by:Updated 2030 Targets• a voiding heating during seasons with high outside Baseline 2018, Total Company (Per CHF 1 Million Sales)temperatures• reducing the absolute humidity in the supply air• improving heat recovery efficiency.-50% -50% -50% The projected combined savings are estimated at over 1,200 megawatt-hours for the seven HVAC units that were investigated.
Theteam is confident that it can be extended to the remaining 40 air handling units in the building, as well as othersystems onsite and within the network.
The savings are Energy CO Waste achieved as part of a continuous improvement approach 2 Intensity Intensity Intensity and contribute directly to the reduction of our carbon Reduction Reduction Reduction footprint and increased energy efficiency.Energy Energy consumed at sites for manufacturing or infrastructureprocesses is the largest contributor to our climate-relevantemissions.
We therefore concentrate efforts to reduce GH Gemissions on increasing energy-efficiency measures at oursites.
We are continuing to work on a project to procure andsource electricity from renewable sources by 2025 and - in doingso - de-couple electricity consumption and Greenhouse Gas emissions.29
Sustainability Report 2022 Energy Consumption within the Organization Energy Intensity Fuels are necessary inputs for our manufacturing processes and In 2022, the energy intensity value was 1,007 Gigajoules/mio CHF,are vital for utility generation such as steam, heating, cooling, decreasing by 31% compared to the 2018 baseline, highlyventilation, air compressors and pumps, air conditioning, exceeding our 2022 target of minus 12% of energy consumptionrefrigeration and transport.
The major fuel we use is natural per CHF million of sales and nearing our 2030 target of 36%.gas, followed by electricity and energy generated on site, mainly This decrease is driven by the transformation of our productthrough the incineration of gaseous by-products, solvents mix from basic chemical synthesis to biologics, using bacterialand waste.
Our total energy consumption has been slightly and mammalian systems and higher-value compound synthesis.increasing since 2018. These processes are less energy intensive in nature.
We alsobenefit from an increasing proportion of modern, energy-efficientbuildings, assets and production technologies.2020 2021 2022 Net Energy Consumption [TJ] 5,778 5,800 6,269 Energy Consumption Intensity Gigajoules/mio CHF Lonza Energy Consumption 20221,600 Net Consumption [TJ] 6,269 Diesel [TJ] 1 1,400 Fuel Oil [TJ] 271,200 Gasoline [TJ] 1 LPG [TJ] 6 1,000 Natural Gas [TJ] 2,867 800 Purchased Electricity Non-Renewable [TJ] 1,618600 Purchased Electricity Renewable [TJ] 532 Renewable Electricity (On-Site) [TJ] 9 400 Self-Generated Energy (Waste, Processes) [TJ] 2,117200 Purchased Steam [TJ] 1,590 Energy Produced for Others [TJ] 2,557 0 Biomass (Wood) [TJ] 58 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Intensity Previous 2030 Target New 2030 Target Sometimes it is important to question established processes Our site in Suzhou (CN) has introduced several initiativesto make progress.
Our Nansha (CN) site noticed that the to improve energy efficiency and reduce its carbon HVAC system of a packaging room did not need to run all emissions.
These include the installation of a 210 k W solarday since it is only used for packaging on an intermittent field on the roof, which will save over 130 tons of CO-eq 2 basis.
The site added a control button to upgrade the per year.
The team has also implemented a process tosystem to avoid energy waste and the safety risk of recuperate steam condensate for reuse as washing waterwet floors (caused by condensation).
Ventilation with and a heat recovery process to extract thermal energyair conditioning now runs for one hour at a time before from wastewater after operation.
These projects will savestopping automatically.
This is set to deliver more than over 1,500 tons of steam and 8,000 tons of water annually.90 megawatt-hours in savings per year.30
Environment Water In addition, each site assesses local water risks and opportunities.Risks could include water scarcity, droughts or other supply Water is used for a variety of purposes across our business, limitations, discharge restrictions, emerging regulations, andincluding heat transfer and cooling, steam generation, washing risks associated with a direct discharge to natural water bodiesand cleaning, sanitization, and as a product ingredient.
It is a or publicly owned wastewater treatment plants.
Opportunitiesprecious, vital and burdened natural resource of increasing may include ways to improve water conservation and resourceimportance and scarcity, which must be actively managed - efficiency, ground and surface water protection, and dischargeespecially in water-scarce locations.
quality.
Our sites are required to identify stakeholders toaddress water in their local basin and downstream.
They are Access to clean, plentiful and potable water is critical to ensuring also encouraged to explore and address locally relevant waterthe quality of our products.
Our sites are not located in areas issues such as availability and quality.known for major water risks or scarcity.
Nevertheless, we aretaking multiple measures to minimize downstream effects and In regions where freshwater is scarce, we may be exposed towater withdrawal impacts on our communities and the local water shortages or restrictions, water price volatility and a declineenvironment.
Internal standards on water and wastewater in water quality.
To mitigate water-related risks, sites track theirinclude a water balance at a site level to optimize usage and water balance and run water management programs to meetlimit losses, requirements to reduce water usage through asset agreed reduction targets.
Sites in water-stressed regions andoptimization and process changes, and requirements to promote geographies (such as India and Mexico) incorporate measureswater recycling and the use of rainwater.
to optimize water consumption and management into theirsustainability roadmaps.Water Withdrawal by Source 2022 Our site in Jakarta (ID) is in the Bogor area, known as the"Rain City", where flooding is a common occurrence during Total Water Withdrawn [thousand meter 3] 28,628 Groundwater Wells [thousand meter 3] 2,778 rainy season.
In dry season, there can be challenges in Public Supply [thousand meter 3] 4,140 accessing sufficient clean water.
The site implemented a Surface Water Bodies [thousand meter 3] 21,710 rainwater harvesting system capable of collecting morethan 4,800 meter 3 per year.
The system mitigates floodingand the harvested water is used in the cooling towers.This reduces demand for municipal water supply by morethan 5% annually, which also helps ensure clean drinking SDG 6 Clean Water and Sanitationwater for the local community." Water is a valuable resource, both for Lonzaand the communities in which we operate.I am proud of the progress our teams havemade on our path to reducing waterconsumption intensity.
The level ofemployee engagement and motivationacross our global network to make adifference is inspiring."Gordon Bates,President, Small Molecules Division 31
Sustainability Report 2022 We monitor and measure both industrial water (which may Water Dischargebe altered chemically and physically by the manufacturing Sites hold local permits and follow all local requirements related toprocesses) and non-contact cooling water (which is not altered, water treatment and relevant wastewater discharge parameters,except for temperature), as well as other indicators of water such as quantity and chemical limit values.
In addition, followingsource and output.
Lonza's waste and wastewater standard, sites handling Active Pharmaceutical Ingredients (AP Is) - which are viewed as Lonza'ssubstances of concern in this area - adopt a risk-based approach 2020 2021 2022 to wastewater discharge.
This approach is based on current Industrial Water Used [thousand meter 3] 3,266 3,078 3,090 industry practice endorsed by the PSCI.
It involves comparing Cooling Water Used [thousand meter 3] 24,112 33,491 29,662 the predicted environmental concentration (determined bymass balance or analytical means) with the predicted no effectconcentration (PNEC).
High-risk effluent is investigated in detail Each site is responsible for managing and optimizing its water and a tailored approach is taken, which may include a change tobalance, with targets for quantity and wastewater set at a site the cleaning process, incineration of first rinse or an appropriatelevel.
Globally, in line with our commitment to SDG 6 (Clean alternative method.Water and Sanitation), we will build on the completed risk andopportunity assessment with a mid-term action plan to reach At many sites, industrial water is collected in tanks or reservoirsour ambition of halving our industrial water intensity by 2030. and treated in internal or external wastewater treatment facilities.It is tested according to local permits before being dischargedinto the sewage system or into a surface water body.
Due Water Intensity to the diverse nature of requirements, we do not report onm 3/mio CHF discharge water quality.
The water emission parameters listedbelow are tracked at sites where the following emissions arematerial: heavy metals, nitrogen, organics (COD and TOC) and 1,000 phosphorus.
Other parameters are tracked in line with local 900 regulations and the type of operation undertaken.800700600 In 2022, our team in Nansha (CN) implemented 15 projects 500 to reduce water consumption on-site.
Examples include 400 reducing electrical dialysis washing water to lessenwastewater discharge, reducing soft water consumption 300 in a 90˚C hot water system by recycling discharged water,200 and reducing wastewater from the cooling water system 100 by increasing its concentration.
Other projects involved 0 increasing the concentration of products in some processes 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 and reusing reverse osmosis drainage, air conditioning andvapor condensate.
The estimated industrial water savingswere more than 13,000 meter 3, and tap water savings of over 100,000 meter 3 during 2022.Lonza Water Discharge 2022 Total Water Discharged [thousand meter 3] 32,836 Water Discharged to Sewer [thousand meter 3] 3,251 Water to Water Bodies [thousand meter 3] 29,58632
Environment Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scope 1 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scope 1 includes direct Greenhouse Gas emissions from sources owned or Scientific evidence confirms that Greenhouse Gas emissions contribute controlled by Lonza.
Emission factors are used for calculatingto global warming.
This is largely caused by the combustion emissions from fuel combustion (CO, CH and NO), including 2 4 2 of fossil fuels to provide energy.
Energy generation, waste from company-owned vehicles.
CO and N O emissions from 2 2 incineration and other industrial processes result in additional other on-site processes, such as chemical reactions or wasteemissions, such as particulate matter (PM), nitrogen oxides incineration, are directly measured, calculated or estimated(NOx), sulfur dioxide (SO ) and volatile organic compounds by each site.
Part of our Scope 1 emissions comes from on-site 2(VOC).
We continuously monitor and control such emissions waste and waste gas incineration, which serves in our processesto comply with statutory requirements and to reduce them to treat final waste and produce energy.beyond regulatory requirements.Of the 160,000 tons CO -eq.
from Lonza's on-site Greenhouse Gas emissions are categorized into three groups: Scope 1 2 waste incineration of solid wastes and fuel by-products,and Scope 2 cover emissions from our operations and energyapproximately 50% relates to waste incineration servicesuse, while Scope 3 includes all other indirect emissions thatperformed at our site in Visp (CH) for two neighboringoccur in our value chain.
Our Greenhouse Gas emissions result mainlycompanies.
However, due to the Greenhouse Gas Protocol accountingfrom combustion processes for energy conversion (includingrules, these quantities are consolidated in our reporting.incineration of waste).8 In this context, we focus on managingthe total energy consumption, energy sources and waste.To decouple Greenhouse Gas emissions from energy consumption, westrive to increase the proportion of renewable electricity (such 2020 2021 2022 Total Scope 1 Emissions 324 325 321 as wind, hydro and solar).
Our sites include energy efficiency[thousand Metric Tons CO-eq]and waste reduction measures in their roadmaps and also apply 2 low-carbon energy alternatives, such as biomass.
We haveimplemented "sustainability by design" standards for energyand water efficiency which enable us to build growth projectswith best-in-class sustainable technologies.
We also participate Lonza Scope 1 Emission Sources 2022 in research projects to evaluate carbon capture opportunities.SDG 13 Climate Action" We are committed to reducing our carbon footprintover the next decades, both from our own operationsand from our supply chain.
In 2022, we focusedupon building robust processes and programs, layingstrong foundations upon which todeliver our target of net zero GH Gemissions by 2050."Maria Soler,Head of Group Operations Biobased Fuels (0%) Purchased CO (<1%)2 Chemical Processes (5%) On-site Waste-to-Energy (49%)Natural Gas (45%) Liquid Fossil Fuels (1%)8 The Greenhouse Gas emissions from the operations of Bio Atrium Ltd - Lonza's joint venture with Sanofi - are included in these numbers, since Lonza has operational control of the Bio Atrium plant.33
Sustainability Report 2022 Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Scope 2 encompasses Greenhouse Gas emissions from purchased electricity Scope 3 includes Greenhouse Gas emissions from purchased goodsand steam.
At most of our sites, purchased electricity and steam and services, business travel, upstream and downstreamconsumption is metered directly on our own devices.
In multi- transportation, waste disposal, employee commuting, etc. Theoccupant facilities, consumption is derived from the total to Scope 3 categories and their relative importance were identifiedreflect our proportionate consumption.
in an initial assessment using 2019 data.
As of 2021, we beganto quantify our Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions on an annual basis.We report Scope 2 Greenhouse Gas values using two methods: "location-based" and "market-based".
The "location-based" method reflectsthe total electricity consumption of the site, multiplied by local 2020 2021 9 2022 Total Scope 3 Emissions [Thousand Metric n.a. 1,733 1,792 electricity grid average emission factors.
The "market-based"Tons CO-eq]method reflects emissions from electricity sources we have 2 selectively purchased, including renewable or nuclear energycertificates and claims or green tariffs.
Location-based values areused to track energy efficiency gains against our Greenhouse Gas targets.
As generally observed in our industry, Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions Efficiency in this context means producing higher output or are considerably higher than Scope 1 and 2 Greenhouse Gas emissions.achieving higher sales with the same amount of energy input A significant proportion of our Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions canand related emissions.
be attributed to purchased goods and services and capitalexpenditure.
Waste disposal and fuel- and energy-related activities In addition to energy- and Greenhouse Gas-efficiency, we are striving to (not included in Scope 1 and 2) also contribute, though to a lesserbecome carbon neutral within the next three decades.
This extent, as a significant amount of waste is incinerated onsitecontinuing effort will include procuring renewable electricity at our Visp (CH) site and those emissions are reported underto replace fossil fuel generated electricity in the coming years.
Scope 1. Business travel, employee commuting and downstreamdistribution are all comparatively minor contributors to the total Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions.Total Scope 2 Emissions 2020 2021 2022 Location-based 222 223 230 As a central element of our commitment to SDG 12 (Responsible[thousand Metric Tons CO-eq]2 Consumption and Production), we are creating a roadmap to Market-based 209 199 198[thousand Metric Tons CO-eq] reduce our Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emissions.
We have started engaging 2 with some of our suppliers with the largest contribution to our Greenhouse Gas footprint to capture their ambitions and actions to reduce Greenhouse Gas (see Supply Chain Responsibility Chapter).Our site in Puebla (MX) has joined our list of sites procuring 100% renewable electricity from wind and solar power.The underlying approximations rely on average industry data This achievement is the result of the site's commitment toand thus carry some level of uncertainty.
In this context, we willenvironmental sustainability, alongside favorable regulatoryfocus future efforts on improving data collection and analysisconditions for renewable energy in Mexico.to ensure greater granularity and reduction action on thecategories with the highest contribution.9 2021 data has been restated to reflect improvements in the data calculation process,methodology updates, and inclusion of category 12 for increased transparency.34
Environment Lonza Scope 3 Emissions 2022 Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity Scope 1 and Scope 2 location-based,tons CO-eq/mio CHF 21601401201008060 Purchased Goods and Business Travel (Category 6)Services (Category 1) (68%) (2%) 40 Capital Goods (Category 2) Employee Commuting(16%) (Category 7) (2%) 20 Fuel and Energy Related D ownstream Transportation 0 Activities (Category 3) (2%) and Distribution (Category 9)Upstream Transportation and (1%) 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 Distribution (Category 4) (8%) End-of-Life Treatment of Sold Intensity Previous 2030 Target New 2030 Target Waste Generated in Products (Category 12) (<1%)Operations (Category 5) (2%)In addition to our intensity target and in line with our commitmentto SDG 13 (Climate Action), we set internal targets on Greenhouse Gas Calculations for the Purchased Goods and Services, Capital emissions from our operations, aiming to achieve absolute Goods and Upstream Transportation categories are based reductions in line with a net zero target by 2050. Metrics foron spend data covering Q 4 2020 to Q 3 2022; all other data the contribution to this SDG are also linked to the incentiverefers to Full-Year 2022. Upstream transportation (category compensation framework.4) was previously integrated into the models for categories 1 and 2 and is now reported separately.
Upstream leased assets Other Air Emissions(category 8) are included in Scope 1 and 2. Other categories While our materiality assessment identified only Greenhouse Gas emissionsare not integrated into the calculation because they are either as the priority, other emissions such as VOC and NOx are alsonegligible or the data collection and modeling are not feasible.
important to our operations and are monitored to ensurecompliance with local regulations.
Continuous investment,Greenhouse Gas Emissions Intensity technical improvements at emission points and emission control The carbon emission intensity values from Scope 1 and Scope equipment contribute to the control and reduction of such 2 (location-based) decreased by 40% in 2022 (compared to emissions.
Air impurity targets are included in site roadmapsthe 2018 baseline) to 89 tons CO -eq/mio CHF, exceeding the where this parameter is material.236% reduction target set in our long-term goal.
The reductioneffect is driven by the over-proportionate increase in salesand technology shifts.
The absolute Greenhouse Gas emissions from our Lonza Total Air Impurities 2022 operations (Scope 1 and 2) saw a slight increase compared to 2021 (approximately 1%).
Total Air Impurities [Tonnes] 376 VOC [Tonnes] 129 NOx [Tonnes] 208 SO [Tonnes] 62 Particulate Matter [Tonnes] 3435
Sustainability Report 2022 Waste We strive to reduce effluent by controlling and reducing waterinputs and effluent pre-treatments.
Final effluents are managed As a company operating in the pharma, biotech and nutrition and controlled according to the parameters permitted by localmarkets, including chemical production facilities for AP Is, we authorities.strive to be transparent with stakeholders and local communitiesabout how we manage waste and wastewater.
Communities have Waste Generation and Significant Waste-Related Impactsa vested interest in waste and water discharge from production.
Our goal is to reduce the environmental impact of our activitieswhile meeting all quality and hygiene requirements.
As a CDMO Each manufacturing site maintains a waste disposal operation for the pharmaceutical industry, our influence is limited intailored to relevant waste streams for the efficient and relation to waste generated by customer-defined manufacturingenvironmentally sound treatment and disposal of waste outputs.
processes and downstream user behavior.
We therefore focus All sites are committed to our waste reduction principles and improvements upon our own operations.to treating and disposing of all waste materials (includingwastewater) in full compliance with local regulations and The production technology and quality requirements for bio-international standards.
The waste management system and pharmaceutical production have changed in recent years.performance at our manufacturing sites are both subject to Improved cleaning practices, and the use of single use technologyregular inspections and audits.
(SUT) such as plastic bags and appliances instead of stainlesssteel reactors, are reducing water use from cleaning traditionalvessels, but have increased SUT plastic waste.
As this technology Avoidis relatively new, alternative disposal and recycling solutions arenot broadly available, and therefore a local approach is favored.The SUT industry is yet to develop a recycling or take-backsystem for the items or develop reusable assembly parts that Reducewould allow users to reduce the burden.The majority of our waste is managed by third parties thathave been approved by the relevant authorities and our local Recyclesites.
We are currently working to strengthen this practice byharmonizing contractual agreements and audits.
We also havea waste recycling KPI for internal waste recycled or reusedonsite (including closed loop), to help track and incentivize Treatonsite circularity measures.
Sites develop their own circularmeasures, such as increasing the number of recycling cyclesof solvents, or using biomass waste as fuel.Dispose Remediating Legacy Issues Mercury Remediation Our largest site in Visp (CH) continues to address legacy mercurypollution along a former wastewater discharge canal, on surrounding Our sites carefully select their partners for waste transportation soils and other areas where sediments containing mercury wereand treatment based on performance and capabilities in safety deposited.
This issue dates back to when Lonza used mercuryand sustainability.
We operate our own waste and wastewater as a catalyst in chemical processes.
Between the 1930 s and thetreatment facilities at specific locations, such as Visp (CH) and 1970 s, before the construction of the wastewater treatment plant,Nansha (CN).
the site discharged industrial wastewater containing mercuryinto the canal.We are committed to increasing the efficiency of input materialsin production processes, including yield improvement, reworking Since 2013, we have worked closely with local communities toout-of-specification production, and the re-use of ancillaries finance and implement the required technical investigations inwherever possible.
residential areas and agricultural zones between Brig-Glis and Niedergesteln (CH).
Remediation works in the residential areastarted in 2017. By the end of 2022, 151 parcels of land in Visp,Raron and Brig-Glis (CH) were remediated, representing 91% of At our site in Visp (CH) we continue our solvent recyclingresidential plots affected.
Remediation works in the contaminatedefforts.
In 2022, the site regenerated over 9,000 tons ofagricultural area started in 2021, with a first pilot remediationsolvent and treated over 1,000 tons of contaminated watercompleted in Raron (CH) in September of the same year.
In 2022,to reduce incineration.a second pilot remediation was completed in Visp (CH).
This workis continuing in 2023 in both residential and agricultural areas.36
Environment We are working closely with the Swiss Canton of Valais, the Waste Generatedmunicipalities and other relevant parties to resolve this challenging In line with our corporate reporting guidelines, we excludeindustrial legacy.
Progress and updates on our remediation construction, demolition, remediation and excavation wasteactivities are published on a dedicated webpage.
from our sustainability reporting framework.
Only production-related waste is tracked at a corporate level.
Solvents - which Old Gamsenried Landfill are used as fuels at some of our sites - are reported as waste The Gamsenried disposal site in Gamsen (CH) is owned and for fuel, even though they allow us to considerably reducemanaged by Lonza and consists of an old and decommissioned natural gas consumption.area alongside a new and fully permitted disposal site.
Thelatter is used for the disposal of waste incineration slag from Our sites and divisions are focusing on waste intensitythe Visp site and the regional waste incineration plant.
The reductions as part of their site plans and roadmaps.
These areolder, decommissioned section was primarily used between further supported by new guidance on waste management 1918 and 1978 for landfilling lime hydrate and gypsum sludge.
In and minimization.
A significant proportion of the increase inthis area, the current management approach includes detailed waste is due to the cleaning in the API production, generatinggroundwater monitoring and pump-and-treatment of polluted large amounts of liquid waste which is incinerated to avoidgroundwater at the edge of the landfill.
contamination of water streams.
The waste 10 generated anddisposed of by our continuing operations decreased by 1 percentDetailed investigations identified the section of landfill that compared to 2021.poses the greatest risk to the groundwater.
To minimize risksto the groundwater during the foreseen remediation and to In Visp (CH) and Nansha (CN), the energy generated in 2022 fromimprove the safeguarding and containment of the old landfill, incinerating waste solvents, by-products, and waste was morean extended hydraulic barrier will be installed within the next than 2,000 TJ.
These replace the consumption of 58 million meter 3 three to four years.
Planning work and related hydrogeological of natural gas.
Waste that is sent to landfill mainly consists ofinvestigations are currently underway, and related financial incinerator ashes and sludges.provisions were made in 2021.2020 2021 2022 GMP guidelines require us to work with qualified materials Total Waste Disposed [Metric tons] 67,321 61,988 61,664 for our manufacturing processes.
In our laboratories, thisoften means that we stock excess inventory to guaranteeproduction and analysis and mitigate supply issues.Occasionally, this leads to excess materials that can no Lonza Waste Disposal by Destination 2022 longer be used due to process or regulation changes.Our Geleen (NL) site investigated alternative uses to avoiddiscarding items such as unopened disposables, includingsyringes, pipettes and bottles.
In 2022, the team donatedmore than 70,000 items of PPE and 200,000 disposablesto local organizations they had identified, including schoolsand the local zoo.
The donated items included reagents,microscopes, incubators, centrifuges, balances, PC Rcabinets, furniture, and over 1,000 storage boxes.Waste Hazardous Waste Non-hazardous Incinerated (73%) Incinerated (7%)Landfilled (<1%) Landfilled(8%)Recycled (3%) Recycled (9%)Treated (<1%)10 Waste is defined as hazardous or non-hazardous by local legal definition.37
Sustainability Report 2022 Waste Intensity The amount of waste generated can fluctuate for several reasons,In 2018, we defined a long-term global waste intensity reduction including the following:target of 24% by 2030. In 2022, with a focus on our continuingoperations, we have overachieved this target with an intensity of • Tonnes he use of SUT and additional cleaning practices to achieve 9.9 tons/mio CHF, and are therefore increasing our ambition to the required product quality is expected to increase waste 50%.
As the intensity chart shows, our performance continued • C hanges in the product portfolio, which might include moreto improve in 2022. or less waste-intensive products and production processes• Tonnes he temporary shutdown of production lines, e.grams., formaintenance and optimization purposes Waste Intensity • Tonnes he discarding of production batches as a result of qualitytons/mio CHF issues 16 Our sites have been making progress with their projects andactivities to decrease waste.
Some examples are listed below:1412 • The reduction of waste intensity for several productions bypretreating contaminated wastewater to make it suitable 10 for the wastewater treatment plant and to avoid sending it 8 to incineration, e.grams., the distillation of wastewater stream or 6 active carbon treatment.
In Visp (CH), this initiative avoidedover 200 tons of CO-eq in 20224 2• An increase in solvent recycling for several production lines,2 reducing the procurement of fresh solvents.
Concurrently 0 there has been a decrease in the amount of waste solvent 2018 2019 2020 2021 2022 incinerated Intensity Previous 2030 Target New 2030 Target • Process optimization, such as the redesign of productionprocesses, process streamlining and yield improvements Innovating for Sustainability We are committed to creating value for society by deliveringinnovative, science-based solutions for our customers in thehealthcare industry.
For an overview of our most importantinnovation activities, please refer to the innovation highlights,which are part of our divisional updates in the 2022 Annual Report.As a strategic partner operating in the pharma, biotech andnutrition markets, business-to-business contract manufacturingforms a large proportion of our business.
In this context, stayingup-to-date with production technology and streamliningmanufacturing processes is important in improving efficiency.In line with our commitment to SDG 9 (Industry, Innovationand Infrastructure), we have developed and implemented a"Sustainable Design Standard".
This standard highlights the bestsolutions for reducing energy consumption, Greenhouse Gas emissions,water consumption, waste production and total cost of ownership(CAPEX plus OPEX) for the useful life of an asset for the mostcommon utilities.
If it is not possible for a project to comply,an alternative solution and robust explanation must be given.38
Environment In our Small Molecules division, organic solvents play an important Traditional mammalian seed train bioreactors operate in batchrole in the manufacturing process.
We continue to improve the mode and fixed cell culture volume, reaching maximum biomassefficient use, reuse and recycling of solvents.
This reduces our for transfer into the production bioreactor.
Operating the seedenvironmental footprint by minimizing the consumption of fresh bioreactors in perfusion mode allows for higher cell densities tosolvents and the amount of waste that is generated and treated.
be reached.
In 2022, Biologics R&D completed the development We also share best practice in this important area with some of of such a perfusion process and associated high-densityour major customers.
Other projects focus on waste streams with production and purification processes.
This improved batch titerpotential for optimization based on size and feasibility.
In parallel, and yield by approximately 30% compared to traditional fed-these projects reduce production downtime through waste batch processes.
According to our models, this intensificationdisposal, de-bottlenecking and simplified logistics.
In 2022, new will decrease our environmental footprint by approximatelyprojects included acetonitrile and toluene recovery by distillation.
30% per gram of product compared to conventional fed-batch In total, projects implemented in the Small Molecules processes processes.
In addition, the new intensified process introducesin Switzerland and China avoided 1,000 tons of wastewater being multi-column chromatography, improving purification resinincinerated by treating it with other technologies, saving more utilization (e.grams., Protein A) and reducing the need for this keythan 200 tons of fuel-related CO-eq.
In addition, we currently reagent by approximately 50%.
Additional waste reductions were 2 recycle 9,000 tons of solvents, saving approximately 38,000 tons implemented by improving our high-throughput purificationof CO-eq per year by avoiding incineration and consumption of development strategies for bispecific antibodies and other 2 fresh solvents.
new molecular formats.Another major project implemented in 2022 at our Visp (CH) site led Our Small Molecules R&D team is innovating an electrochemistryto a considerable reduction in our water consumption footprint.
The process to eliminate burdensome metal waste fromsite collected and treated the groundwater from the groundwater pharmaceutical manufacturing.
Several pharmaceuticallybarrier directly in the wastewater treatment pan.
The water is now important chemical reactions still rely on stoichiometric amountstreated centrally by advanced oxidation processes and activated of metals, and in many cases, these include heavy metals suchcarbon and can be reused for steam production, reducing the as lead and manganese, among others.
The waste generatedwater consumption footprint of the site by more than 300,000 from these processes can be toxic, environmentally damagingt/year and the wastewater flow by 40 meter 3/h.
and expensive to dispose of.
To determine if its conventional leadmediator could be reliably displaced with an electrochemical We strive to continually innovate for sustainability in research and approach, the team targeted a prominent reduction-oxidationdevelopment.
In our Capsules & Health Ingredients (CHI) business, ("redox") reaction.
In collaboration with the University of Grazwe remain at the forefront of plant-based hypromellose (HPMC) (AT), our team successfully developed a general and scalablecapsule innovation.
In 2022, we launched the Capsugel® Enprotect® procedure to achieve the anodic decarboxylative acetoxylationcapsule.
It is the first of its kind in enteric manufacturing technology, of amino acids in batch and continuous flow modes, completelywith a bi-layer and locking system suited to medications that eliminating the use of heavy metal.
This innovation can preventdo not tolerate additional coating processes such as solvent or more than 1.5 tons of lead waste for every 1 ton of an average-heat.
The capsule meets a pressing market need for an effective size small molecule produced.
The process also improves theoral delivery solution for treatments that are easily degraded by sustainability performance of production by operating at onlyacidic stomach conditions.
This technology is fully integrated into 40°C and requires relatively low electricity demand.our manufacturing facilities, reducing the number of steps in themanufacturing process for our customers.
The Enprotect® capsulecan be used for live biotherapeutic products, large molecules andsmall molecules.SDG 9 Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure" We continue to invest in sustainable growth projects,leveraging best-in-class green building techniquesand technology to reduce carbonemissions and resource use.
Our roleas a CDMO is also helping us to reducethe environmental impact of ourcustomers' supply chains."Jean-Christoph Hyvert,President, Biologics 39
Sustainability Report 2022 People and Occupational Health and Safety High occupational health and safety standards are the basis Societyfor assuring the safety, health and wellbeing of our people,our customers and other stakeholders who attend our sites.We regularly monitor health and safety regulations, industrystandards and other best practice to meet our obligations andaim for compliance through regular internal and external audits.All of our behaviors, activities, policies and practices support ourpurpose of enabling a healthier world.
We do this by providing We also work assiduously to eliminate health and safety hazardsgoods and services to our customers who deliver therapies and and incidents, including those that result in injuries and illnessesmedicines to those who need them around the world.
We also affecting our people.
We continue to focus upon our "Vision Zero"work to support and enable our employees, while giving back initiative, a program that has led to a considerable reduction into the communities in which we operate.
safety incidents.
Ultimately we strive for zero workplace injuries,process incidents, or environmental incidents.Our people are central to the success of our business and weoffer many opportunities for our employees to improve their We have set site targets and are measuring safety correctiveskills, build on their experience and grow their careers.
We actions (safety CAP As) which are generated by our colleagues.provide them with safe workplaces, care for their wellbeing and This program drives the identification and closure of safety-encourage their involvement in creating a positive and inclusive related observations and improvements across our site network.working environment and culture.
The initiative has moved the focus from a lagging injury-basedmetric to a leading indicator driving employee behavior and We focus our support on those charitable and educational involvement.
It resulted in more than 28,000 documented safetyinstitutions that are aligned with our priority SD Gs.
We engage in improvements in 2022, largely identified and corrected by oura range of initiatives to deliver benefits to our many stakeholders, manufacturing workforce.including the communities in which our employees and theirfamilies live.
By cultivating relationships and engaging withpeople in our communities, we create sustainable value at alocal level across our network.Safety Target>28,000 Vision Safety ZERO Improvements Zero Lost Time Injuries Site targets for safety(Aspiration) improvement actions 40
People and Society Labor practices and safe working conditions are the responsibility Hazard Identification, Risk Assessment and Incidentof site management, reporting to the respective Division Head of Investigation Operations.
Site operations and EHS managers are accountable Work-related hazards are addressed through hazard identificationfor the occupational safety process by setting and helping to and reporting (including near-miss incidents), job safety analyses,achieve local targets.
Ultimately, every employee contributes by site inspections and process hazard reviews.
Site employeesidentifying risks and unsafe conditions, observing safe behaviors are trained to use these tools, and local and global EHS leadersand working safely at all times.
Prioritizing safety is a condition collaborate with each site to ensure the workplace is safe andof employment.
productive.
The reporting of unsafe conditions and near-missincidents is encouraged, with site-specific targets based on While our Safety and Sustainability policy defines high-level the number of corrective actions implemented to mitigate anyprinciples, our corporate EHS management system (fully aligned identified potential hazards.to ISO 45001 requirements) describes the essential administrativeelements for successful EHS management.
Examples include All incidents are investigated.
A formal investigation and rootplanning, compliance, training, incident investigation, performance cause analysis process, aligned with an internationally recognizedreporting, emergency preparedness, inspections and audits, methodology, is used for recordable injuries, as well as significantand management review.
process safety incidents and environmental incidents.
Allemployees are trained to stop and to refuse actions that they Corporate EHS Standards establish additional requirements for consider hazardous for themselves, their colleagues and/ormanaging specific EHS hazards or topics.
Topics can include the community and environment.waste and wastewater management, contractor management,site security and business continuity planning, and critical Occupational Health Servicessafe work standards (such as confined space entry, personal Operating sites have processes in place to recognize, evaluateprotective equipment and fall protection).
and control occupational health risks.
Where required, we havesupplementary medical surveillance programs.
All sites also Local EHS standards address both our corporate EHS expectations have a designated clinician or physician to administer medicaland local legal requirements.
The standards guide our actions surveillance and evaluate occupational injuries or illnesses.and clarify specific roles and responsibilities.
Some sites arecertified according to the occupational safety standard ISO In 2022 our Jakarta (ID) site achieved a remarkable milestone 45001 or Responsible Care.of 14 years without a lost time incident and, in recognition ofthis, received a 'Zero Accident Award' from the Indonesian We regularly audit sites and locations - on average every threegovernment.years - to aim for compliance with rules and regulations, technicalintegrity and effective management systems.
We actively monitorour performance in occupational health and safety, and a monthlyanalysis report is distributed to all employees.
These reports andsubsequent activities are carefully tracked and measured, thenglobal and local management adapt approaches accordingly.41
Sustainability Report 2022 Worker Participation, Consultation, Communication and Promotion of Worker Health Training on Occupational Health and Safety Lonza employees are fully committed to the critical importance Worker participation is essential to address safety improvements of health, safety and injury prevention.
They understand thatand behavior.
In many cases, sites have a safety committee investing in prevention, and employee health and wellbeing,integrated into the EHS council to oversee all safety-related pays dividends and ensures colleagues remain fully engaged.matters.
Additionally, all sites are required to conduct frequent Health programs are managed at site level.safety meetings in all teams and escalate any identified safetyconcerns.
Prevention and Mitigation of Occupational Health and Safety Impacts All sites are required to conduct safety training on hazardous We continually monitor our operations to identify potentialmaterials (Haz Com), critical safe work procedures, evacuation health risks to our employees.
This includes (but is not limited to):and process safety, among many others.
As required in our EHS Management System, each site is required to establish • Job and technical hazard assessments, e.grams., ergonomic hazardsand maintain a Safety and Sustainability Training Matrix and • Technical improvements Plan, which includes a listing of required training topics, training • Training and educationfrequencies and methods, either by job title or a similarly effective • S ubstance exposure monitoring for chemical exposures,means.
It integrates topics that reflect changes in site activities, according to the limit values set by the Corporate Toxicologyrisks and regulations.
group Sites continue to implement our global Be A Safety Leader (BSL) Our products primarily support the healthcare industry.
Ininitiative to create the best possible safety culture through the addition to the required safety information, these productsinclusion of all colleagues.
BSL helps all employees understand and their raw materials undergo extensive testing, registrationhow to actively contribute and lead the day-to-day process of requirements and instructions for use so that they can be usedensuring safety within the working environment.
Sites develop safely by customers and their patients.creative approaches to conducting hazard assessments, definingcritical behaviors and providing coaching at all levels to support Work-Related Injuriesimplementation.
Over the course of 2022, we recorded a total of 20 Lost Time Injuries, which is an increase compared to last year's number (13).The number of Recordable Incidents was 96 in the reporting year.Our site in Greenwood (US) has received the Plant Safety All incidents are analyzed, identifying the most probable causes Award from the South Carolina Manufacturers Allianceand corrective actions.
The depth and detail of each investigation,for the fourth year in a row.
The site has had no lost timethe investigation method and the level of participation by localinjury for more than four years.
The EHS team continuesmanagement, employees, and other functions, are commensurateto drive this good safety performance with leadershipwith the nature and scale of the incident and its impact.support, promoting corrective actions to closure, daily visualsafety inspections and thorough incident investigations.For all Lonza sites at the year 2020 2021 2022 Lost Time Injury Frequency 0.62 0.35 0.52 Rate Per 1,000,000 worked hours of training per employee Recordable Incident Rate 0.48 0.52 0.50 Per 200,000 worked hours of training per employee Most injuries recorded and analyzed in 2022 resulted fromchemical contact, lifting, slips, trips, falls, sprains, and strains,which can be common in our industry.
There were no injuriesresulting from commuting incidents from transport organizedby the company.Lost Time Injury Frequency Rates (LTIFR) are calculated basedon one million hours of training per employee worked.
Data represents the employedworkforce and agency workforce in regular manufacturingprocesses.
Work hours of training per employee reported include direct employees andagency workers.42
People and Society 2022 Safety Performance 96 20 0.52 Recordable Work-Related Injuries Lost-Time Work-Related Injuries Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate(Per 1 Million hours of training per employee)2.5 38 Recordable Work-Related Injury Rate Million hours of training per employee Worked In 2022(Per 1 Million hours of training per employee)Diversity and Equal Opportunity In 2022, a variety of events were hosted, including global "Rise Up" events for all colleagues from across the global network We recognize and encourage an inclusive and diverse workforce to listen to internal and external perspectives on the uniquelyand work environment and continue to embed this through our female experience of the workplace and to explore mentoringcompany values, one of which is Inclusion.
Our Code of Conduct opportunities.
These meetings also provided a forum for thestates that we do not tolerate any discrimination, harassment group to share and discuss specific challenges and opportunitiesor bullying for any reason.
This also applies to our business for females in the workplace.partners (both direct and indirect) throughout our supply chain.2022 also saw the acceleration of two of our elected SD Gs Our Inclusion, Diversity and Belonging (IDB) Council aims to within this space: SDG 4 (Quality Education) and SDG 5 (Genderensure a long-term, sustainable commitment to inclusion in Equality).
Both SDG initiatives have measurable targets relatedwhich everyone within our workforce feels a sense of belonging.
to IDB, which are directly linked to the Lonza Bonus plan.
The Quality Education program has created a roadmap for training.Composed of volunteers across functions and countries, the The program for Gender Equality is establishing initiatives to IDB Council's role is to devise and manage IDB programs, as support strong female management and a future pipeline forwell as sharing knowledge and insights across our network.
The sustainable action to 2035 and beyond.Council is supported by a global community of IDB Ambassadorsacross our site network and grants sites the freedom to providerelevant support to their specific employee communities andcultural contexts.
The Council and Ambassadors meet regularly SDG 5 Gender Equalityto share ideas and experiences, facilitating knowledge sharing" We believe in equality and we promote Genderand the scale-up of local initiatives to our wider corporate Equality through increased female representationcontext, where relevant.
The Council is sponsored by a dedicatedin management.
Equality is an advantage; it Steering Committee comprising senior leaders from Legal, HRstrengthens our employee value propositionand Communications to represent and advocate IDB at theand builds a culture of inclusion, diversity and Executive Committee and Board level.belonging at work.
Alongside our efforts toimprove the percentage offemales in management, wecontinue expanding initiativesto support females at allstages in their careers."Caroline Barth,Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO)43
Sustainability Report 2022 Employee Recruitment, Retention and As part of our employee retention initiatives, we set priority on Development our Internal Promotion Rate (move to a higher position) (21%)and Internal Position Fill Rate (move to a different position at We have a number of successful programs that support talent the same grading) (29.8%).
Both figures trend in line with ouracquisition and recognition across our organization.
Our global industry peers, while we strive to continuously improve.
In Talent Referral Program incentivizes our employees to refer friends addition, rewards are reviewed and benchmarked annually toand acquaintances for vacant positions across our business.
ensure our offering is competitive within the industry.
They This program resulted in more than 380 referral hires in 2022. are also reviewed in line with employee feedback from our Vo EWe operate a cross-market online recognition program, BRAVO, survey.
Key retention initiatives include:to support and enable a positive and self-reinforcing companyculture.
Using this platform, more than 7,000 individual "thank • A n enhanced Reward offering in 2022, with a structuralyou" messages and awards were sent across the business over change to our incentive plan, places a greater proportionthe course of 2022. of recognition on personal contribution as well as reflecting ESG indicators within wider company performance Our focus in 2022 was supporting the growth of our employees, • Tonnes he introduction of a new employee share plan at key locations,and we continued to enhance our leader-led approach in Talent which allows employees to buy Lonza shares at a discounted Development: price and receive a free share for each one purchased aftera three-year blocking period• We launched our Lonza Leadership Framework: Care, Coach • The launch of a Lonza Restricted Share Units Plan, allowingand Communicate nominations of employees to receive restricted stock on a• We continued the Accelerated Management Development three-year holding period basis Program (AMDP) and Core Leadership Impact Program (CLIP) • Tonnes he offer of childcare support through local governmentto provide our leaders with the necessary capabilities to schemes at a market level.perform their roles and make meaningful impacts across the • Compensation for atypical working hours of training per employee also follows localcompany legislation and varies across our global site network.
This• We maintained a focus on our wider employee community includes - but is not limited to - additional annual leave, shiftin the Learning and Development area by offering new and premiums, standby and call-out allowances and one-timeimproved learning resources in 2022, with an enhanced offer recognition awards to compensate extraordinary efforts foron Linked In Learning, including bespoke Lonza learning paths special projectsavailable 24/7.
Learning hours of training per employee increased by 72% in 2022, with • The launch of our Global Hybrid Work Policy allows flexibility formore than 3,000 hours of training per employee registered in the last 90 days.
We also eligible employees to work remotely up to two days per weekenhanced mentoring opportunities to empower our employees on a regular basis, with no formal approval process.
Eligibleto own their career development and pursue opportunities.
employees are also empowered to 'Work from Anywhere' for Our 2022 Voice of Employee (Vo E) survey indicated a strong up to 28 days in a rolling 12-month period on an internationalpositive response in this area, with employees scoring positive basisresponses to both 'having the opportunity to learn and grow'(68%) and 'managers having meaningful conversations on The provision of equal pay at Lonza is a primary foundationcareer development' (65%) of our global HR and Reward practices.
We strive for our HRpractices to fulfill equal and gender pay reporting requirementsacross our global network.
This includes Switzerland under SDG 4 Quality Education Art.
13 a Gender Equality Act and the UK Gender Pay Reportingrequirements.
We continue to review pay equality across the" Investing in the development and upskilling of ouremployee population.employees is essential to the success of our growing,science-based company.
Our mission All of these initiatives align with the broader global Peopleis to promote and facilitate continuous Strategy of Come, Stay, Grow and Make a Meaningful Difference.learning by providing training programs More detail on our People Strategy can be found in our 2022 and development opportunities that Annual Report.help our people grow."Philippe Deecke,Chief Financial Officer (CFO)44
People and Society Performance Management Employee Engagement Our goal-setting process changed in 2022 with the new Lonza Bonus incentive plan, which requires each employee to set one Our Employee Value Proposition (EVP), "A Meaningful Difference",behavioral goal and one business goal aligned to our strategic reflects how our colleagues work to fulfill our purpose of enablingpriorities.
The performance review process is linked to our a healthier world.
This purpose is underpinned by our four coreincentive plans, so employees feel rewarded for their efforts.
company values:The performance management process was reviewed in 2022 to ensure that it remains robust for the future.
• Integrity• Inclusion The company performance goals have also been redefined • Innovationto remove caps and limits for lower grades, create one global • Initiativecompany performance metric and align a proportion of ourcompany performance to our ESG targets.
Alongside these values, our purpose is supported by a focuson caring for our colleagues, our customers and our planet.Our global Voice of Employee (Vo E) employee engagementsurvey launched in 2021, and was successfully conducted twicein 2022. The data and insight help our leaders to understandhow our employees are thinking and support an environmentof listening and inclusion where retention and engagement canbe actively supported.
As a result, our Employee Engagement Index rose to 71 (a 2-point increase from 2021), and the 2022 survey received an overall response rate of 78% (compared to 65% in 2021).Lonza Workforce Lifecycle Attract, Selectand Hire Onboarding Get the right people Set team membersin the right place up for success Move or Lonza HR Advance Transactions Workforce Activate career Own the HRprogression Lifecycle practices Encourage teammembers to'self-serve'Reward Develop andand Retain Engage Coach your team Inspire personal growth 45
Sustainability Report 2022 The survey outcomes were analyzed at a company, division,site and team level to allow managers across the business to Good Health and Wellbeingunderstand and act on both general and specific needs.
Areas of Supporting Access to Healthcareopportunity were identified at a manager level, and our people We provide support to Project HOPE's core mission fund.leaders have been given support to develop improvement Project HOPE is a global health and humanitarian organizationprograms to address local challenges.
that provides direct healthcare services, equips clinics andhospitals, trains local healthcare workers, and delivers solutions One area which required additional action was around employee that help people access the healthcare services they need.wellbeing.
In 2022 we ran a pilot for a Lonza Wellbeing platform Project HOPE utilizes its funding to support those impacted byfor all employees to allow for direct access to support and emergencies and natural disasters where the need is greatest,resources on health, wellbeing and lifestyle topics.
Our learnings such as mothers and children, refugees and migrants.from this pilot will be pivotal to our 2023 wellbeing offering asour employee needs are now better understood around fourpillars of wellbeing: mental, financial, physical and social.
Thisis further supported by our ongoing Employee Assistance Program (EAP).As part of our wider commitment to sustainability, we have formed Colleagues from our Porriño (ES) site participate in Tapones, aa network of colleagues from our largest sites - with more than program led by the SEUR Foundation that raises funds from plastic 100 employees - to share best practice and experiences for cap recycling to finance medical and orthopedic treatmentscorporate responsibility.
This team connects on a quarterly basis for patients unable to cover the cost.and representatives from each site share accounts of volunteeractivities and other community engagement programs, such Our Puebla (MX) site supports Una Nueva Esperanza, anas those mentioned in pages 46 to 50. organization that offers help to low-income families of childrenwith cancer.
Una Nueva Esperanza provides basic needs, suchas food and shelter, financial support for healthcare costs,Investing in Communities counseling, educational resources and recreational activities.Our Sponsorship Approach In many of our communities, we take on multiple roles: as aneighbor, an employer, an economic contributor and a charitablesponsor of local non-profit organizations and educationalinstitutions.
While our financial donations are important, ourgreatest charitable contributions come from our colleagueswho volunteer to support projects that are meaningful to our We continue to support various national and local organizationscommunities.
We focus our charitable giving and volunteer including the Swiss and American Red Cross.
Our contribution toactivities on selected projects that align with our SD Gs and the American Red Cross supports disaster relief, including criseswhere we feel that our contributions can make a significant caused by severe weather events, enabling the organizationdifference, as shown in the examples below.
We evaluate the to prepare for, respond to, and help people recover from suchrecipients of any contribution to ensure they promote high events.
In addition, our support of the organization's bloodstandards of ethics and compliance and a low proportion of services enables the collection, testing, typing, and distributionadministration expenses.
of blood products to those in need.
We also contribute tothe Swiss Red Cross' individual assistance program, coveringhealthcare costs for people in need.As part of our 125 year anniversary celebrations in October 2022, we made a new global commitment to pledge avolunteer day globally for every employee.This allows our people 'time back to give back' for a moresustainable future, something which connects with ouremployees' personal ambitions and priorities.
This ongoingbenefit will be available from 2023.46
People and Society Supporting Blood Donation in a Critical Time of Need Colleagues from our Greenwood, South Carolina (US) site hosted Colleagues from our Sagamihara (JP) and Houston, Texas (US) a "Relay For Life" event in partnership with the American Cancerand Basel (CH) sites hosted blood drives this year.
The Houston Society.
This event raised funds for research, patient supportdrives helped replenish supplies for the Gulf Coast Regional and communications about cancer prevention.Blood Center which serves the Texas Medical Center, the largestmedical center in the world.Providing Food to Our Neighbors Our Bend, Oregon (US) site supports the High Desert Food &Farm Alliance, an organization set up to address challengesassociated with food access and production in the high desertregion of Central Oregon.Colleagues from our Tampa, Florida (US) site continue to support Feeding Tampa Bay - an organization that works to provideconsistent access to nutritious food in order for students toexcel, for parents to focus on their livelihoods, and for seniors tomaintain a healthy life.
Our volunteers support the organizationby sorting food donations and packaging food bundles forthose in need.For the sixth year in a row, colleagues from our Bornem (BE)site continued their participation in the 1000-Kilometer Fight Against Cancer annual bike event, with two teams of cyclistsraising money for cancer research.Raising Funds for Research Our Morristown, New Jersey (US) site participated in the Leukemia& Lymphoma Society's "Light the Night" event for another yearin 2022. The event raised money to help find cures for leukemia,lymphoma, Hodgkin's disease and myeloma and to improve the Colleagues from our Portsmouth, New Hampshire (US) sitequality of life of patients and their families.
volunteered for and participated in a 5 k race to benefit the Krempels Center, a non-profit organization whose mission isto support people living with brain injuries.47
Sustainability Report 2022 Our Walkersvillle (US) site supports the local Chamber of Gender Equality Commerce's S.H.E. (Strength, Heart and Equality) Week, an event Supporting Mothers in STEMM Careers where regional non-profits and businesses come together to We have set an ambition to increase gender equality across support equality and the development of women in businessthe workplace.
To support this, we contribute to the work of through education, mentoring and economic opportunity.Mothers in Science (Mi S), an international non-profit organizationproviding research and support for mothers working in Science,Technology, Engineering, Math and Medicine (STEMM) careers.Mi S raises awareness of career obstacles faced by mothersworking in STEMM fields and advocates for workplace equalityand inclusion, providing resources for industry, academia andindividuals.
Our support continues to fund global research thataddresses these challenges.
It also supports the development ofwebinars and the expansion of its mentorship program, wherebymothers new to STEMM fields can be paired with volunteermentors who have navigated the balance of motherhood anda career.Quality Education Providing Support for Education in Science Since 2020, we have provided funding to Hand in Hand (Hi H) India Quality education is a priority for us, both within our own- a non-profit organization focusing on child labor elimination business and within the communities in which we operate.and education, access to healthcare, empowerment of women Various sites donate laboratory equipment and supplies to localthrough livelihood creation and skill development, natural resource schools and universities, including Puebla (MX), Walkersville (US),management, and solid waste management.
We support the Geleen (NL), Porriño (ES), Portsmouth (US), and Houston (US).work of Hi H's Green Friends, a growing team of workers who We also provide financial support, and colleagues give theirprovide sanitation services to households in six states in India, time in support of STEMM educational programs.
In Houston,facilitating the segregation of waste at source and ensuring we support the STEMM bus which brings a mobile laboratoryproper disposal.
More than 70% of Green Friends are women, and to primary schools, and we provide scholarships for variousthey are often the sole providers for their families.
By supporting universities, including for women in STEMM.their employment and skills development, Hi H provides themwith wages and dignity in the workplace.
Our support to Hi H Our colleagues from Visp (CH) collaborated with Pfyn-Fingesalso contributes to the provision of medical equipment to local Nature Park in support of the Technical and Environmentalhospitals and medical services health camps, where the Green project week, intended to support young people's developing Friends can seek medical assistance.
Our support also enables an interest in technical fields.educational campaigns focusing on immunization, nutrition,anemia, personal hygiene and sanitation.48
People and Society Supporting Wider Education in our Communities Colleagues from our Geleen (NL) site volunteered at a local Environmentzoological park.
They refurbished the grounds, library and Planting Trees and Keepingeducational center and installed a picnic area.
Communities Clean To celebrate Earth Day this year, all sites in our CHI division In partnership with Astha Kunj, our Haryana (IN) site supported planted trees to make collective impact through collaborationthe development of a child care center that provides educational and remind our colleagues about the importance of findingactivities, arts and crafts, coaching and computer lessons to creative ways to protect the environment.
The program waschildren in the Rewari district.
intended as a reminder that small actions can make a big impact.Colleagues from our Guangzhou (CN) and Nansha (CN) sitescontinued to join forces to provide resources and teach childrenat two regional primary schools.
As part of our decade-longsupport of these schools, volunteers remain able to teachclasses in public health, science, English as a foreign language,and sporting activities.Our Walkersville (US) site supports the Student Homelessness Initiative Partnership of Frederick County, a non-profit organizationthat provides critical resources to homeless youth, includingcounseling, shelter and clothing.
The organization seeks toprovide early and consistent interventions and support to ease theimpact of homelessness on children's education and wellbeing.Our Puebla (MX) site continued its tree planting initiative in anearby reforestation area.
In Houston (US), many colleaguescontinued to support Keep Pearland Beautiful, a local non-profitorganization dedicated to protecting the environment andcommunity in the area.
The 2022 initiative included distributingtrees for residents to plant.
Volunteers from our Portsmouth(US) site also spent time cleaning local coastal areas to supportthe environment and its wildlife, together with the Blue Ocean Society, whose mission is to protect marine life in the Gulf of Maine through research and education.In Porriño (ES), colleagues volunteered with Project Libera - anon-profit organization focusing on reducing environmentalwaste and developing innovative methodologies and tools toimprove knowledge in different terrestrial, marine and riverecosystems.49
Sustainability Report 2022 Colleagues from our Visp (CH) site collected litter in public areasin partnership with the local community on World Cleanup Day Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure 2022. This initiative is one of many projects identified and led In 2022, we continued our annual support forby the site's Green Team, a passionate group of colleagues Schweizer Jugend forscht (Swiss Youth in Science).
This non-who have come together to support social and environmental profit organization connects coaches with young peopleprojects at the site and in the community.
passionate about research to drive the development of scientificresearch in a wide variety of areas.
This program supports theeducation of young people on their journey to becoming thenext generation of scientific innovators.Our Visp (CH) site has partnered with the HES-SO Valais-Wallis,a university of applied sciences and arts, to develop jointcompetencies in the fields of education and research - particularlywithin biomanufacturing.
This partnership supports the educationof students and industry in the digitalization, automation andcontrol of biotechnological processes and advances.50
People and Society Italian Alps 51
Sustainability Report 2022 Appendix About the Report The reporting period is the 2022 calendar year.
This is our fifth The external auditor KPMG AG has been engaged by Lonza tosustainability report following the principles of the GRI.
We will provide independent assurance for selected KP Is disclosed in thecontinue to report on an annual basis.
Our GRI Report 2022 is Sustainability Report.
KPMG AG's limited Assurance Statementprepared in accordance with the GRI Standards for the period is available at the end of this report.from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022.Contact Points for Queries For investor queries:Lyle Wheeler Investor Relations E-mail:lyle.wheeler@lonza.com Phone:+41 61 316 2156 For sustainability queries:Dr.
Matthias Hofmann Head Global Sustainability E-mail:sustainability@lonza.com Phone:+41 61 316 8111 For media queries:Victoria Morgan Global Head External Communications E-mail:victoria.morgan@lonza.com Phone:+41 61 316 228352
Appendix GRI Index and SASB Index GRI standard Disclosure Page Comments SDG in focus SASB*GRI 1: Foundation 2021 52 General Disclosures GRI 2: General Disclosures 2-1 Organizational details Lonza Group Ltd is a public company, listed on the 2021 Swiss Stock Exchange (SIX) and with a secondarylisting at the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (SGX-ST).Lonza Group Ltd Muenchensteinerstrasse 384002 Basel, Switzerland Tel +41 61 316 81 11 Fax +41 61 316 91 11 www.lonza.com For location of operations, please consult ourwebsite: https://www.lonza.com/about-lonza/company-profile/locations-worldwide.aspx 2-2 Entities included in the The information in this report concerns all underorganization's sustainability Lonza Group Ltd operational control during 2022,reporting including subsidiaries.
Joint ventures are notincluded unless specifically mentioned.Financial reporting and accounting principles areavailable in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report 2022.Unless otherwise stated, the reporting boundariesfor environmental data include the facilities forwhich we have operational control, own eitherthe facility or significant relevant equipment, andwhere data is readily available and adequatelyrepresentative.
Facilities outside the reportingboundaries are smaller-sized leased facilities,laboratories, warehouses and office spaces withcomparatively insignificant energy consumption.2-3 Reporting period, frequency 52 and contact point 2-4 Restatements of If, in individual cases, a new form of presentation,information calculation method or optimized data collectionhas led to other results for the previous years, thenthis is noted under the respective disclosures.2-5 External assurance 52, 62-642-6 Activities, value chain and Please visit our website www.lonza.comother business relationships Significant changes to the organization and itssupply chain can be found on pages 10-11 of our Annual Report 20222-7 Employees 12-13 HC-basis points-330 a.1 HC-basis points-330 a.22-8 Workers who are not 13 Reported under the contingent workers' category.
HC-basis points-employees 330 a.1 HC-basis points-330 a.22-9 Governance structure and 10-11 composition 2-10 Nomination and selection Please see the Corporate Governance section ofof the highest governance body our Annual Report 20222-11 Chair of the highest Please see the Corporate Governance section ofgovernance body our Annual Report 20222-12 Role of the highest 10-11,governance body in overseeing 58-59 the management of impacts 2-13 Delegation of responsibility 10-11 for managing impacts 53
Sustainability Report 2022 GRI standard Disclosure Page Comments SDG in focus SASB*General Disclosures cont.2-14 Role of the highest 10-11 governance body insustainability reporting 2-15 Conflicts of interest 11, 20, 222-16 Communication of critical 20-25, 59 concerns 2-17 Collective knowledge of 11 Please also see the Corporate Governance sectionthe highest governance body of our Annual Report 20222-18 Evaluation of the 11 performance of the highestgovernance body 2-19 Remuneration policies Please see the Remuneration section of our Annual Report 20222-20 Process to determine Please see the Remuneration section of our Annualremuneration Report 20222-21 Annual total compensation Information is confidential and not disclosed.ratio 2-22 Statement on sustainable 4-5 development strategy 2-23 Policy commitments 6, 22, 26,40, 462-24 Embedding policy 11, 22,commitments 26-282-25 Processes to remediate 20-28,negative impacts 58-612-26 Mechanisms for seeking 22 Our Ethics & Compliance Group provides guidanceadvice and raising concerns in recognizing, understanding and complying withthe laws and ethical standards that govern ourbusiness practices and activities.
This is supervisedby the Audit and Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors.
In addition, we have the Lonza Ethics Hotline, operated by an external provider.The Lonza Ethics Hotline ensures concerns can beraised anonymously if preferred and where allowedby law.
All concerns and reports where warranted,are investigated by our Ethics & Compliance Group and are finally reported to the Audit and Compliance Committee.2-27 Compliance with laws and Only significant instances of non-compliance areregulations compiled for consolidated reporting.
There were nosignificant instances of non-compliance with lawsand regulations during 2022.2-28 Membership associations 172-29 Approach to stakeholder 14-18 engagement 2-30 Collective bargaining In Lonza, there are no employee organizationsagreements and representatives on a global level.
Therefore,we are not collecting specific information aboutcollective bargaining agreements in affiliates.Generally, Lonza Group has a presence in countrieswhere representation of employees is the rule, viawork councils, unions and collective bargainingagreements.
Local management is responsible formaintaining good labor relations according to legalrequirements and agreements with unions, workcouncils and other employee- representing bodies.We respect these relationships and work with theseparties in a mutually respectful manner.
In additionto the country-specific employee representation, wehave also established a European Work Council thatholds regular meetings.
This is designed to maintaina positive flow of information and communication.
Inthe European Works Council, all European countrieswith more than 100 employees are represented byemployee- nominated delegates: Belgium, France,Germany, the Netherlands, Spain, Switzerland, andthe United Kingdom.
The European Work Council isassisted and supported by a union secretary.54
Appendix GRI standard Disclosure Page Comments SDG in focus SASB*Material Topics GRI 3: Material Topics 2021 3-1 Process to determine 14-15 material topics 3-2 List of material topics 153-3 Management of material Compiled under each topic as per this table.topics Economic GRI 205: Anti-corruption 1. Management disclosures 23-24 3, 12 HC-basis points-510 a.12016 (losses notreported)205-1 Operations assessed for 24-25 risks related to corruption 205-2 Communication and 23-24 training about anti-corruptionpolicies and procedures Supply Chain Responsibility 308-2 Negative environmental 25-27 3, 13, 5, 12 HC-basis points-430 a.1 impacts in the supply chain andactions taken 414-2 Negative social impacts 25-27 3, 13, 5, 12 HC-basis points-430 a.1 in the supply chain and actionstaken Environmental GRI 302: Energy 2016 1. Management disclosures 29-30 13, 9, 12302-1 Energy consumption 30 Note: Minor corrections were made to energy datawithin the organization from previous years, as some energy KP Is weredouble counting, as well as for improving the datasplit for the Visp (CH) site post divestment of ourformer Special Ingredients business 302-3 Energy intensity 30 GRI 303: Water and 1. Management disclosures 31-32 As per the GRI Standard, water stress in an area was 3, 9, 12, 6 Effluents 2018 assessed using the baseline water stress above 40 percentfrom the tool Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas, consultedin 2021. Some sites in the following locations wereidentified as per the above definition, most beinglow-water consumers: Mexico, India, China, The Netherlands, Belgium, UK, and US.303-1 Interactions with water as 31-32 a shared resource 303-2 Management of water 31-32 discharge-related impacts 303-3 Water withdrawal 31 The amount of Total Dissolved Solids in the watersourced is, in general, < 1000 mg/L.Water Withdrawal 2022 Total from areas[thousand meter 3] with water stress Total Water Withdrawn 872 Groundwater Wells 372 Public Supply 500 Water Bodies 0 Note: Corrections were made to industrial waterdata from previous years as to only include waterwithin the scope of Lonza's definitions 303-4 Water discharge 32 The amount of Total Dissolved Solids in the waterdischarged to water bodies is in general < 1000 mg/L.
Water discharged to the sewer with Total Dissolved Solids > 1000 mg/L is 1,117 thousand meter 3.From that amount, 47 thousand meter 3 are from sites inareas with water stress.Water Discharge 2022 From areas with[thousand meter 3] water stress Total Water Discharged 626 Water Discharged to Sewer 579 Water to Water Bodies 4755
Sustainability Report 2022 GRI standard Disclosure Page Comments SDG in focus SASB*Environmental GRI 305: Emissions 2016 1. Management disclosures 33-35, 3, 13, 9, 1258-61305-1 Direct (Scope 1) Greenhouse Gas 33 Note: Corrections made to emissions from onsiteemissions incineration and emissions from wastewatertreatment using a more conservative approach basedon measurements were made for previous years.305-2 Energy indirect (Scope 2) 34 Note: Minor corrections made to energy data from Greenhouse Gas emissions previous years also impacted Scope 2.305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3) 34-35 Greenhouse Gas emissions 305-4 Greenhouse Gas emissions intensity 35305-7 Nitrogen oxides (NOX), 35 sulfur oxides (SOX), andothersignificant air emissions GRI 306: Waste 2020 1. Management disclosures 36-38 3, 13, 12306-1 Waste generation and 36-38 significant waste-relatedimpacts 306-2 Management of 36-38 significant waste-relatedimpacts 306-3 Waste generated 37 Social GRI 403: Occupational 1. Management disclosures 40-42 3 Health and Safety 2018403-1 Occupational health and We maintain an EHS Management System, whichsafety management system has been adapted to meet ISO 14001 and 45001 standards.
This program applies to all locations andall employees.403-2 Hazard identification, 41 risk assessment, and incidentinvestigation 403-3 Occupational health 41 services 403-4 Worker participation, 42 consultation, andcommunication onoccupational health and safety 403-5 Worker training on 42 occupational health and safety 403-6 Promotion of worker 42 health 403-7 Prevention and mitigation 42 of occupational health andsafety impacts directly linked bybusiness relationships 403-9 Work-related injuries 42-43 GRI 405: Diversity and 1. Management disclosures 43 3, 5, 4 Equal Opportunity 2016405-1 Diversity of governance 13 bodies and employees Employee Recruitment, 44-45 Pages 30-33 of our Annual Report 2022 5, 4 HC-basis points-330 a.1 Retention and Development Employee Engagement 45-46 Pages 30-33 of our Annual Report 2022 5, 4 HC-basis points-330 a.1* Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) - we have aligned our disclosures with the Biotechnology and Pharmaceuticals Sustainability Accounting Standard.
As a Contract Development and Manufacturing Organization (CDMO), most of the SASB indicators do not apply.56
Appendix Snow covered trees in forest, Gamsbei Hieflau, Styria, Austria 57
Sustainability Report 2022 Task Force on Climate-related Financial social and governance (ESG) program, which are presented and Disclosures (TCFD) and Climate Change Risk discussed at their meetings.
Lonza's climate-related targets Management at Lonza and results are discussed several times during the year and atyear-end in the context of sustainability reporting.
The Board Natural and man-made factors are influencing the climate.
also has oversight of enterprise risks and opportunities that are The increase in greenhouse gas (Greenhouse Gas) emissions from human identified through the company's ERM program, and which areactivities is accelerating climate change, which is causing an reviewed annually.increase in average temperatures and a growing number ofextreme weather events (droughts, floods, heavy storms, sea Management Oversightlevel rise, etc.).
These events can have negative impacts such Senior management, and in particular the Lonza Executiveas food and water scarcity, land erosion, fires and damage to Committee (EC), is responsible for continually monitoring thethe built and natural environments.
They could potentially affect evolution of risks and opportunities and the risk mitigationour operations and our capability to provide the services and progress in the organization.
In order for risks to be managedtechnologies needed to enable a healthier world.
at the appropriate level, the heads of the Business Units,Operational Units, Corporate Functions and Business Services We routinely evaluate the relevance and magnitude of risk Organizations provide adequate and timely reporting to thecategories, including climate-related risks, as part of our EC.
The EC escalates the information about significant risks togeneral business management, Enterprise Risk Management the Board as appropriate.(ERM) program and Business Continuity Plan development.
Westrive to avoid, reduce or mitigate risks, all with anticipated In addition to this governance structure and under the leadershipnegative impacts of defined magnitude.
We also assess if general of the CEO, the EC is responsible for reviewing and approvingdevelopments may present business opportunities.
the company's sustainability program and agenda, includingclimate, waste and energy targets.
The EC and the Board receive Lonza aims to follow the recommendations of the Task Force on a quarterly update on the status of our waste, energy and Greenhouse Gas Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) to be transparent target achievements.to our stakeholders.
This document addresses disclosures ina framework that includes four pillars: Governance, Strategy, Lonza's EC has direct oversight of and involvement in the Risk Management, and Metrics and Targets.
We aim to provide ERM program.
At the EC's direction, the Head of Corporatequantitative disclosures on climate-related topics in future as Responsibility and ERM is responsible for mapping and addressingwe continue to incorporate the TCFD recommendations into all enterprise risks and opportunities, including those thatour business.
are climate-related, as part of the ERM program.
The EC'sresponsibility includes overseeing actions to reduce the likelihood Governance of occurrence and the potential impact of negative risks and Board Oversight considering opportunities as part of longer-term strategy Governance and oversight over Sustainability and ESG is with development.
Annually, the EC reviews and assesses the ER Mthe Board of Directors (Board), specifically with the Chairman of findings for reporting to the Board.the Board, with agreed elements to be covered by the Board'scommittees (Nomination and Compensation Committee, Audit More details on Governance may be found in the correspondingand Compliance Committee, and Innovation and Technology chapters of this report, specifically on the Sustainability and Risk Committee).
While the Board acts as sponsor and overall owner Committee (SRC) and the Safety and Sustainability Steeringof the program, the implementation is the responsibility of the Board (SSSB), which coordinate the sustainability strategy and Executive Committee (EC).
The Board receives regular updates on activities across the company, including climate change andclimate-related risks as part of its oversight of the environmental, climate-related measures.Service Scope Sustainability Solutions Speed Manufacturing An unparalleled Delivering long- Scientific, Ability toand operational breadth of term value, regulatory and accelerateexcellence to offerings across economically, manufacturing the path todeliver quality, services and environmentally expertise to solve commercializationvalue and "right modalities and socially our customers'first time" challenges 58
Appendix Strategy In 2020, we also initiated a program to evaluate and identify Lonza's purpose is to enable a healthier world.
To achieve this the main contributors to our value chain Greenhouse Gas footprint (alsopurpose, we have defined five strategic priorities as focus known as Scope 3), which stem mainly from the materials andareas.
These guide our business activities and practices, to services we purchase.
We are engaging with the most relevantensure that we capture and capitalize upon our unique points suppliers to collaborate on reducing our Scope 3 footprint.of differentiation.We are reevaluating our sourcing strategy, taking into account Addressing the central focus area of sustainability, Lonza is availability of materials, logistics and risks for supply chaincommitted to net-zero Greenhouse Gas emissions by 2050. Group and disruptions.
We have also been strengthening the existingindividual site roadmaps include concrete actions and projects to due diligence process for new and incumbent suppliers tosupport achievement of the corporate goals and involve global identify and minimize the risks in our supply chain, e.grams., forfunctions.
These include engineering for new infrastructure and environmental, social and labor misconduct.
As a member ofgrowth investments, operations for efficiency improvements the PSCI (Pharmaceutical Supply Chain Initiative), we are alignedand procurement for supplier collaboration.
with its principles and share supplier reports and audit resultswith the industry group.
Key elements of our sustainability The Sustainability and Procurement teams work together to program are included in the Risk Management section below.manage climate strategy and actions in the supply chain.Risk Management We have included several ESG targets in our Group incentive plan Our ERM program is a critical element of our strategic planningas of 2022. Among others, these include targets for achieving and provides a mechanism and appropriate governance for riskreductions in Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 Greenhouse Gas emission management.
The program focuses on risks and opportunitiescategories and water intensity.
that may affect the company's strategic and financial targetsor impact the mid-term success of the business, as well as Sustainability Roadmap evaluating emerging risks that may impact our business over We are currently focusing on three fields: monitoring our a longer-term horizon.
The annual ERM process includes theprogress against our 2030 sustainability targets, enhancing following elements:public disclosures regarding ESG topics and providing guidanceand support for sustainability-related initiatives across ourglobal site network.
In addition, we have initiated a program toprocure and source electricity globally from renewable sourcesby 2025, where available through power purchase agreementsinvesting in additional production assets.Lonza Enterprise Risk Management Risk Trend Calibration Reporting Reporting Identification Analysis and Mitigation to Executive to Board of Planning Committee Directors We identify risks Our ERM team We conduct calibration We report findings We report top risks andduring discussions with consolidates input, workshops with senior to the Executive mitigation plans to theindividual risk owners.
assesses the risks and leadership teams and Committee for Audit Committee and The discussions include maps probability and ensure appropriate evaluation and Board of Directors tofocus on ESG risks, impact versus prior year.
mitigation measures alignment with strategic ensure awareness andincluding those related are in place.
Mitigation planning.
appropriate oversight.to climate change.
measure owners reportstatus of their measuresquarterly.59
Sustainability Report 2022 Given the nature of our business, we believe probable climate It is difficult to estimate the financial implications of carbonrisks that would materialize over the mid-term horizon are taxes.
Fuel and energy taxes, as well as regulations, could havelimited to site-specific natural disasters and extreme weather a negative financial impact.
The expansion of schemes intoevents, such as hurricanes, floods, wildfires, etc. These risks other legislations will require additional management focus, andare managed by site business continuity plans (see below).
efforts to align with suppliers will also take time and resources.Additional or Group-wide climate-related risks are unlikely tobe material during this time horizon.
We do not consider our Many investments to reduce the carbon budget are not withinbusiness to be carbon intensive, natural or ecosystem resource traditional payback expectations of business expansions andintensive (land, marine) and it is not consumer goods oriented.
are generally not routinely acceptable in the industry.
Therefore,Therefore, our current focus on analyzing and implementing we are refining our standards for considering and approvingclimate-related scenarios remains at a production site level.
these capital investments to allow a longer-term perspectiveof sustainability and cost benefits when making major capital Outside of the ERM program, longer-term implications of climate investments.change are relevant for site-level development planning, such aslimitations to water availability, storm frequencies, wastewater Physical Risksdisposal limitations, and flooding.
The risk management of Extreme weather events, such as hurricanes, floods, droughtsthese implications is part of our ongoing work on our Business and fires, can seriously affect the company's operations,Continuity Plan, which covers issues including flooding and storm suppliers and supply chain processes.
However, the additionalrisks, which are assessed for all manufacturing locations.
We contribution of adverse effects induced by climate change ishave an overview of the individual risks at the sites and plans uncertain, but we expect an increase in frequency.to mitigate substantial impacts.
We intend to include long-termclimate risk scenario planning within our risk management and As such risks are mostly site-specific, our manufacturing sitesbusiness continuity management program.
have contingency plans and backup systems in place and makeinformed decisions on the acceptable level of risk and thephysical investments needed to address such risks as part of Regulatory Risks our business continuity planning.The main regulatory risks identified concern the potential revisionof existing law and uncertainty of developing laws regarding Lonza sites require fresh water for manufacturing and alsocarbon dioxide tax and other instruments and changing or new use water for cooling.
Increased temperatures could reducecap and trade systems.
In the European Union, changes could cooling capacity or quantitative limits on water intake (physically/increase the price of certificates and/or decrease the amount by authorities).
Water risks are local by nature, and thereforeof free allowances granted.
In other geographies, new carbon sites need to address local water risks as part of their businesspricing policies are planned or are being implemented in the continuity plans and sustainability roadmaps.near future.As an example, exposure to risk of flooding at our Visp These changes could affect Lonza's operations directly or manufacturing complex in Switzerland has been drasticallyindirectly, leading to an increase in operating costs and additional reduced with the completion of the correction in the river Rhone.management focus and efforts including monitoring, reporting The river bed now provides for almost full high water capacity.and verification.
In addition, due to the different speeds at The multi-year regional project was financed and executed bywhich regional legislation is put in place, policy asymmetry is the state and supported by public funding on a national level.
Aexpected in the short and medium term.
minor probability of flooding at our Visp site may still potentiallylead to business interruption for a limited time.
The risk is known For the moment, carbon pricing is not yet a decisive factor in the and evaluated, and the necessary contingency plans exist andconsideration regarding where we locate our activities.
A further are ready to be activated.increase in fuel and energy costs is expected and recognizedby the business strategies, and Lonza considers the risks aspart of its annual ERM program.
The energy price impact risksapply worldwide but to a varying degree, with more exposedoperations in Europe.
It is expected that energy efficiencyregulations will become more stringent and increasingly beintegrated into environmental legislation and vice versa.
At thesame time, planning will remain challenging as the volatility inpolitical decision-making may increase.60
Appendix Reputational Risks We measure our energy use on a regular basis.
Energy use is At Lonza, our performance and value are also increasingly reported quarterly into a centralized global data tool, and themeasured by our sustainability performance.
Failure to achieve data is analyzed by our global Environment, Health, Safety andexpectations could harm the company's reputation and potentially Sustainability teams.
This vital information forms the basis forimpact customer trust in Lonza as a supply partner.
To provide updated reduction goals and investment projects planning totransparency and accountability to our stakeholders, we began achieve major improvements in energy efficiency and othersustainability reporting according to GRI standards in 2018 and areas.
Some sites have adopted an energy management systemestablished comprehensive ESG targets at the beginning of 2019. according to the ISO 50000 framework, which includes anenergy team, policy, targets and a rolling action plan.Our sites regularly engage with their relevant stakeholders ona local level.
On a corporate and divisional level, we engage This engagement also aims for reduced exposure to futurewith customers to improve our sustainability performance, fossil fuel price increases and carbon costs.
The opportunitiesincluding joint projects and knowledge exchange.
We are active are mostly managed on a local basis, so the cost savings haveon relevant social media channels to engage in discussion with not yet been consolidated.our stakeholders and receive feedback from individuals andgroups.
Our ongoing dialogue with stakeholders, especially Metrics and Targetswith the sustainability experts of financial and proxy advisors, We report on our direct and indirect Greenhouse Gas emissions (Scopehelps us to refine our scope and identify other material topics.
1, 2 and 3) and other data in the Environment section of thisreport and in our most recent response to the CDP climate We conducted materiality assessments to set priorities for questionnaire, which is publicly available.our strategy and targets.
The first materiality assessment wasperformed in 2018. We have reviewed the materiality assessment We have now increased targets to reduce 50% of our GH Gwith a new focus as a dedicated pharma, biotech and nutrition emissions (Scope 1 and 2 location-based), energy and wastebusiness in 2021. In this assessment, we gathered input from intensity by 2030 (2018 baseline) by a million of sales per year.various stakeholder groups, including colleagues, customers, This increase was agreed upon, as we were already achievingthe scientific community, shareholders, financial analysts, our our previous targets of 36% by 2030.management and Board, reflecting this new positioning andhow we utilize it to influence our priorities and strategy.
We also aim to purchase and source the electricity we consumeglobally from renewable sources by 2025, where available.Opportunities Some innovation potential is unlocked through the introduction Several of our sites are investing in energy-efficient equipment,of energy efficient technologies, alternative project ideas and implementing projects to capture waste energy and installingcooperation with external companies.
For instance, we are using on-site renewable energy equipment, like photovoltaic panelsexcess steam from an external waste incinerator to substitute and biomass boilers.fossil fuels at our production complexes in Visp (CH) and Colmar(FR).
The installation of solar panels in various sites has been As part of our strategy to decrease the footprint of ourcompleted and is also being advanced; currently, five sites have infrastructure, we are implementing "sustainability by design"installed photovoltaic panels.
Energy reduction decreases costs standards specifically for energy and water efficiency, to buildand emissions, and the reduction in emissions also reduces the growth projects with best-in-class technologies for a low-carbonexposure to future carbon pricing schemes.
and low-resource infrastructure.
We are also participating inresearch projects to evaluate carbon capture technologies.For some years, we have been working with a partner to analyzedata for energy consumption, power contracting and supply anddemand harmonization.
This has given us a better understandingof improving energy efficiency and managing costs, and it alsoserves as a starting point for converting our electricity demandinto renewable sources.61
Sustainability Report 2022 Independent limited assurance report on selectedquantitative sustainability information in Lonza Group Ltd.'s Sustainability Report 2022 To the Board of Directors of Lonza Group Ltd, Basel We have undertaken a limited assurance engagement on Lonza Group Ltd's (hereinafter "Lonza") following selectedquantitative sustainability information in Lonza's accompanying Sustainability Report 2022 for the year ended December 31, 2022 (hereinafter "Sustainability Information"):Total scope 1 emissions page 33 Total scope 2 emissions (location-based) page 34 Industrial water intensity page 32 Our assurance engagement does not extend to information in respect of earlier periods or to any other informationincluded in the Sustainability Report 2022, Annual Report or any other Report, including any images, audio files orembedded videos.Our Limited Assurance Conclusion Based on the procedures we have performed as described under the 'Summary of the work we performed as thebasis for our assurance conclusion' and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our attention thatcauses us to believe that the Sustainability Information in Lonza's Sustainability Report 2022 is not prepared, in allmaterial respects, in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards.We do not express an assurance conclusion on information in respect of earlier periods or to any other informationincluded in the Sustainability Report 2022, Annual Report or any other Report, including any images, audio files orembedded videos.Understanding how Lonza has Prepared the Sustainability Information The GRI Standards have been used as criteria references for the Sustainability Information.
Consequently, the Sustainability Information needs to be read and understood together with these criteria.Inherent Limitations in Preparing the Sustainability information Due to the inherent limitations of any internal control structure, it is possible that errors or irregularities may occur indisclosures of the Sustainability Information and not be detected.
Our engagement is not designed to detect allinternal control weaknesses in the preparation of the Sustainability Information because the engagement was notperformed on a continuous basis throughout the period and the audit procedures performed were on a test basis.Lonza's Responsibilities The Board of Directors of Lonza is responsible for:- Selecting or establishing suitable criteria for preparing the Sustainability Information, taking intoaccount applicable law and regulations related to reporting the Sustainability Information;- The preparation of the Sustainability Information in accordance with the GRI criteria;- Designing, implementing and maintaining internal control over information relevant to the preparationof the Sustainability Information that is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.© 2023 KPMG AG, a Swiss corporation, is a subsidiary of KPMG Holding AG, which is a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee.
All rights reserved.62
Appendix Our Responsibilities We are responsible for:- Planning and performing the engagement to obtain limited assurance about whether the Sustainability Information is free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error;- Forming an independent conclusion, based on the procedures we have performed and the evidencewe have obtained; and- Reporting our independent conclusion to the Board of Directors of Lonza.As we are engaged to form an independent conclusion on the Sustainability Information as prepared by the Board of Directors, we are not permitted to be involved in the preparation of the Sustainability Information as doing so maycompromise our independence.Professional Standards Applied We performed a limited assurance engagement in accordance with International Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information, issued by the International Auditing and Assurance Standards Board.Our Independence and Quality Control We have complied with the independence and other ethical requirements of the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professionalcompetence and due care, confidentiality, and professional behavior.Our firm applies International Standard on Quality Control 1 and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system ofquality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements,professional standards, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.Our work was carried out by an independent and multidisciplinary team including assurance practitioners andsustainability experts.
We remain solely responsible for our assurance conclusion.Summary of the Work we Performed as the Basis for our Assurance Conclusion We are required to plan and perform our work to address the areas where we have identified that a materialmisstatement of the Sustainability Information is likely to arise.
The procedures we performed were based on ourprofessional judgment.
Carrying out our limited assurance engagement on the Sustainability Information included,among others:- Assessment of the design and implementation of systems, processes and internal controls fordetermining, processing and monitoring sustainability performance data, including the consolidation ofdata;- Inquiries of employees responsible for the determination and consolidation as well as theimplementation of internal control procedures regarding the selected disclosures;- Inspection of selected internal and external documents to determine whether qualitative andquantitative information is supported by sufficient evidence and presented in an accurate and balancedmanner;- Assessment of the data collection, validation and reporting processes as well as the reliability of thereported data on a test basis and through testing of selected calculations;- Analytical assessment of the data and trends of the quantitative disclosures in the scope of the limitedassurance engagement;© 2023 KPMG AG, a Swiss corporation, is a subsidiary of KPMG Holding AG, which is a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee.
All rights reserved.63
Sustainability Report 2022- Assessment of the consistency of the disclosures applicable to Lonza with the other disclosures andkey figures and the overall presentation of the disclosures through critical reading of Lonza's Sustainability Report 2022 The procedures performed in a limited assurance engagement vary in nature and timing from, and are less in extentthan for, a reasonable assurance engagement.
Consequently, the level of assurance obtained in a limited assuranceengagement is substantially lower than the assurance that would have been obtained had we performed areasonable assurance engagement.KKPPMMGG AAGG Silvan Jurt CCyriillll KKauffmann Licensed audit expert Licensed audit expert Zurich, 8 March 2023© 2023 KPMG AG, a Swiss corporation, is a subsidiary of KPMG Holding AG, which is a member firm of the KPMG global organization of independent member firms affiliated with KPMG International Limited, a private English company limited by guarantee.
All rights reserved.64
65
Sustainability Report 2022 Legal Disclaimer No Warranty and No Liability Limited Use While Lonza Group Ltd and its affiliates (collectively and individually, Lonza Group hereby grants you the right to display, store andthe "Lonza Group") make efforts to include accurate and up-to- reproduce copies of this publication for personal use subjectdate information, they make no representations or warranties, to the following conditions: The publication may be used forexpress or implied, as to the accuracy or completeness of the internal purposes only and may not be sold or distributed forinformation provided on this publication and disclaim any liability commercial or political purposes; The publication may not befor the use of this publication or any publication linked to it.
modified, diffused, reposted or transmitted in any respect;Lonza Group may change this publication at any time without The copyright notice must appear on every copy of the worknotice but does not assume any responsibility to update it.
Lonza or portion thereof.Group makes no warranties, express or implied, and assumesno liability in connection with any use of this publication.
Every Trademarksuser agrees that all access and use of this publication and of any All third party trademarks are being used for informationalpublication linked to it and the information contained herein and purposes only, with permission from their owners.
All othertherein are at their own risk.
Neither Lonza Group (including its trademarks, logos and service marks (collectively, theagents, directors, and employees) nor any other party involved "Trademarks") used or mentioned on this publication arein creating this publication is liable for any direct, incidental, registered and unregistered trademarks of Lonza Group Ltd,special, consequential, indirect or punitive damages or other one of its affiliates or third parties and are legally protecteddamages arising out of your access to or use of this publication, in Switzerland and/or USA or European Union.
Be aware thatincluding but not limited to viruses or malware that may infect certain product names are trademarks, even if not specificallyyour computer equipment or software and any damages for mentioned.lost profits, business interruption, loss of programs or otherdata on your information handling system or otherwise, even Nothing on this publication should be construed as granting, byif Lonza Group or any other person or entity is advised of the implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right in or topossibility of such damages and irrespective of whether such the Trademarks without the express prior written permission ofdamages arise in an action of contract, negligence or other Lonza Group Ltd or such other third party.
Your misuse of thetortious or legal action.
Trademarks on this publication and in its conditions is strictlyprohibited.66
Legal Disclaimer Autumn coloured trees in Scotland 67
Sustainability Report 2022 www.lonza.com Disclaimer Lonza Group Ltd has its headquarters in Basel, Switzerland, andis listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange.
It has a secondary listing onthe Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited ("SGX-ST").Lonza Group Ltd is not subject to the SGX-ST's continuing listingrequirements but remains subject to Rules 217 and 751 of the SGX-ST Listing Manual.© 2023 Lonza Ltd 68